>> IN TWO MONTHS, WE HAVE SEEN AN
HISTORIC MELTDOWN.
>> WE STILL BELIEVE WHAT IS
POWERING THE MARKET WILL BE
EARNINGS.
>> IT IS KIND OF THE OPPOSITE
OF A BUBBLE.
>> VOLATILITY WORKS BOTH TO THE
UPSIDE AND THE DOWNSIDE.
>> THIS IS "BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE"
WITH JONATHAN FERRO, LISA
ABRAMOWICZ, AND ANNMARIE
HORDERN.
JONATHAN:
LIVE FROM NEW YORK CITY THIS
MORNING, GOOD MORNING.
GOOD MORNING FOR OUR AUDIENCE
WORLDWIDE.
"BLOOMBERG SURVEILLANCE"
STARTS RIGHT NOW.
COMING TO FRIDAY FINDING A
FURTHER FOOTING.
SOUTH KOREA, SK HYNIX LOOKING
TO RAISE ALMOST $30 BILLION.
DEBT INVESTORS TAKING A
CAUTIOUS VIEW OF SPACEX'S DEBUT
BOND OFFERING.
A LITTLE PUSHBACK SLOWLY
EMERGING. LISA:
THE PRICING A LITTLE CAUTIOUS.
MAYBE NOT TREATING THIS QUITE
THE WAY SOME OF THE RATING
COMPANIES WERE TALKING ABOUT,
AT LEAST BECAUSE INVESTORS
DEMANDED EXTRA PREMIUM OVER
BENCHMARK RATES TO OWN THIS
DEBT.
THE SHORT END OF MATURITIES
FINE.
30 YEAR, PEOPLE NOT SO EXCITED.
HS IS INTERESTING BECAUSE
EVERYONE HAS
THEIR HAND OUT.
OTHER EARNINGS WILL GET
FOLLOWED ON WITH MORE DEBT.
JONATHAN:
YOU ARE SEEING SIGNS OF
PUSHBACK AGAINST COMPANIES
ISSUING MORE SUPPLY DEBT OR
EQUITY. YOU ARE SEEING SIGNS OF
PUSHBACK AGAINST ADDITIONAL
SPENDING.
LOOK AT A STOCK PRICE OF META
OR MICROSOFT RIGHT NOW.
YOU ARE NOT SEEING ANY REACTION.
COMPANIES STILL LOOKING TO
RAISE CAPITAL, COMPANIES STILL
LOOKING TO SPEND.
HOW MUCH LONGER CAN THAT
TENSION BREW IN THIS MARKET?
LISA:
WHEN YOU TALK TO PEOPLE IN THE
MARKET, THEY SAY QUITE A BIT
LONGER.
RATE HIKES, WE DON'T CARE.
THE IDEA OF A LITTLE EXTRA
PREMIUM, WE CAN HANDLE IT.
RIGHT NOW IT IS THE IDEA OF
AMASSING A WAR CHEST OF MONEY
THAT WILL POWER THEM INTO AN
EXISTENTIAL FUTURE.
THAT TO THEM AS EITHER YOU ARE
A WINNER OR NONEXISTENT.
BECAUSE IT IS STILL AN
EXISTENTIAL RACE, PEOPLE SEEM
WILLING TO KEEP ON BORROWING.
JONATHAN:
WE HAVE A RACE FOR CAPITAL.
THE TREASURY MARKET IN MIND
WHEN I AM THINKING ABOUT.
10 YEAR YIELDS DOWN
TWO
BASIS POINTS.
SCOTT BESSENT COME UP BOND
MARKETS HAVE TAKEN OUT MORE
GOVERNMENTS.
I BELIEVE THE PRESIDENT HAS
COMPLETE CONFIDENCE TO DO THE
RIGHT THING. ANNMARIE:
HE IS SAYING THAT TRUMP
UNDERSTANDS THIS AND WILL MAKE
SURE THAT THE FED IS
INDEPENDENT.
HE ALLUDED TO THE FACT THAT THE
PRESIDENT ALREADY SAID THIS
DURING THE SWEARING-IN CEREMONY
OF KEVIN WARSH.
BASICALLY WHAT SCOTT BESSENT
CAME OUT AND SAID IS WHAT WE
HAVE BEEN TALKING ABOUT IN THIS
ADMINISTRATION SINCE TRUMP
WALKED BACK INTO THE OVAL
OFFICE FOR A SECOND TERM, THAT
THE BOND MARKET IS GOING TO BE
THE GREATEST ALMOST CONTROL AND
PUSHBACK ON ANY POLICIES THAT
POTENTIALLY ARE NOT MARKET
FRIENDLY.
LISA:
SCOTT BESSENT IS SAYING RIGHT
NOW I ENDORSE WHAT IS HAPPENING
AND THE HAWKISH
TURN THAT
HAS ALLOWED LONG-TERM YIELDS
TO PAY OFF. JONATHAN:
WE SPENT SOME TIME ON THAT
LATER.
A BIT OF A GUT CHECK COMING
LATER, WE CATCH UP WITH OUR
GUEST. THE MAMDANI EFFECT
SWEEPS NEW YORK PRIMARIES.
ANDDAN IVES LOOKING AHEAD TO
THE MICRON EARNINGS.
WE BEGIN WITH STOCKS GAINING
GROUND FOLLOWING A TWO DAY TECH
ROUTE.
AARON CANNON WRITING WE ARE
STILL IN THE EARLY INNINGS OF
THE AD BUILD UP.
HISTORY SUGGESTS TRANSFORMATIVE
AI CYCLES ARE RARELY LINEAR.
WHAT DO YOU THINK IS UPENDING
THIS TECH TRADE RIGHT NOW?
INTRODUCING
JITTERS INTO THE TRADE. AARON:
WE HAVE HAD EQUITY SUPPLY ENTER
THE MARKET.
WE HAVE EARNINGS SEASON FOR Q1
COME TO AN END SUPER STRONG, 26
PERCENT ANNUALIZED GROWTH RATE.
NOW WE HAVE A LITTLE BIT OF A
LOCAL MICRON THIS AFTERNOON IN
EARNINGS.
I THINK THE RATE OF CHANGE IS
GOING TO BE CHALLENGING FOR THE
MARKET TO PARSE THROUGH AND
CONTEMPLATE ON EARNINGS FOR Q2.
CAN THEY REALLY KEEP PACE WITH
THIS 20 PLUS PERCENT EARNINGS
GROWTH RATE OR NOT?
THEN YOU HAVE OVERBOUGHT
CONDITIONS.
YOU HAVE A LOT OF MOMENTUM OUT
THERE.
YOU HAVE HAD THE SEMICONDUCTOR
INDEX UP 90% THIS YEAR, UP 150%
OVER THE LAST 12 MONTHS, UP
300% OVER THE LAST FIVE YEARS.
HUGE MOVES THERE THAT ARE
FORCING SOME INVESTORS TO TAKE
SOME PAUSE. JONATHAN:
MANY OTHERS HAVE CALLED THIS A
GREAT WEALTH TRANSFER FROM THE
HYPERSCALERS TO THE SEMIS.
THOSE HYPERSCALERS, SOME OF
THOSE MAJOR SPENDERS ARE UNDER
PRESSURE IN THE EQUITY MARKET.
FOR A VARIETY OF REASONS.
IF THEY ARE UNDERPERFORMING,
SHOULD THE SEMIS, TOO. AARON:
YOU'RE RIGHT, HYPERSCALERS OVER
THE LAST 12 MONTHS ARE
UNCHANGED NOW.
BUT YOU TAKE A LOOK AT WHAT IS
GOING ON THERE.
I THINK THERE IS A QUESTION
AROUND ARE WE GOING TO HAVE A
LITTLE BIT OF A LULL IN FREE
CASH FLOW GROWTH HUMMING OUT OF
HYPERSCALERS?
A LOT OF DEBT ISSUANCE, SOME
EQUITY ISSUANCE.
BUT THESE ARE EARLY INNINGS IN
MY OPINION.
WHAT ARE MY CONCERNS AROUND
HYPERSCALERS IS THIS
SEMI-BOTTLENECK.
SAMSUNG, SK HYNIX, KOREA, AND
MICRON, AND YOU HAVE GROWTH
THEY'RE ON THE MEMORY SIDE, ON
THE DEMAND SIDE, OF 30% TO 50%
ANNUALIZED.
BUT THERE IS NOT A LOT OF
INCREMENTAL NEW SUPPLY.
THIS YEAR THEY ARE SOLD OUT.
NEXT YEAR THEY ARE SOLD OUT.
COULD WE HAVE SOME KIND OF
DEMAND BUT THE BOTTLENECK WILL
BE THE SUPPLY SIDE?
THAT COULD CONSTRAIN SOME OF
THE HYPERSCALERS.
LASTLY, TO WHAT EXTENT IS SOME
OF THIS BUILDOUT WITHIN THE LLM
WORLD AND THE KOH AGENTIC WORLD
GOING TO BECOME MORE
COMMODITIZED?
OR WILL THERE BE TRUE
DIFFERENTIATION?
A LOT OF EXPERTS ON BOTH SIDES
OF THE DEBATE. LISA:
NOBODY WANTS TO GET OUT BUT
PEOPLE ARE FEELING A BIT SQUIRM
A SHOW ABOUT WHAT IS HAPPENING.
WHICH IS WHY YOU SEE A ROLLING
BALL OF CASH THROUGH DIFFERENT
SECTORS OF THE MARKET.
YESTERDAY WE SAW THE S&P DOWN
MORE THAN 1% BUT THE MAJORITY
OF CONSTITUENTS WERE UP ON THE
DAY. IS THAT HEALTHY? AARON:
IT'S INTERESTING.
I THINK IT WAS DOWN ONLY 35
BASIS POINTS YESTERDAY.
A LITTLE LESS THAN 60% OF THE
CONSTITUENTS WITHIN THE S&P 500
YESTERDAY WERE UP YESTERDAY.
THE ATTRIBUTION OF PERFORMANCE
HERE TODAY, NINE OUT OF 10
STOCKS CONTRIBUTE IN THE MOST
OF THE S&P 500 PERFORMANCE, OR
SEMICONDUCTOR COMPANIES.
SOME MAY BE MORE OF A
HYPERSCALER LIKE AMAZON, OR
ALPHABETS, BUT THEY ARE ALL
SEMICONDUCTOR COMPANIES.
I THINK IF WE SEE A BROADENING,
THAT WOULD BE A HEALTHY SIGN IN
THIS MARKET. LISA:
DO YOU SEE A BROADENING WITH
RATE HIKES? AARON: I THINK SO.
I AM NOT CALLING FOR RATE HIKES
ANYTIME SOON.
I DON'T THINK WE SEE 25 AND
DONE IF THERE ARE RATE HIKES.
USUALLY IT IS A 75 BASIS POINT
MOVE OR MORE.
MY VIEW IS FED CHAIR WARSH IS
TAKING A VERY CAUTIOUS
INCREMENTALLY HAWKISH APPROACH
TO THE RATE HIKE CYCLE.
BUT IT ALSO GIVES HIM WIGGLE
ROOM.
HE IS BEING TESTED BY THE BOND
MARKET.
THE OPERAND IS THAT 3.75.
THE MARKETS ARE SAYING, YOU'RE
PROBABLY GOING TO HAVE TO RAISE
RATES. WE WILL HAVE TO SEE.
EMPLOYMENT IS STRONG AND THE
END OF HOSTILITIES IN THE
STRAIT OF HORMUZ, WE COULD SEE
INFLATIONARY PRESSURES ACTUALLY
DISINFLATION OVER THE NEXT
COUPLE OF MONTHS.
THAT COULD GIVE HIM SOME WIGGLE
ROOM TO STAY ON HOLD AND
PERHAPS IF WE SEE EMPLOYMENT WE
CAN FURTHER, ALTHOUGH IT HAS
ACCELERATED RECENTLY, MAYBE HE
ENDS UP PIVOTING TO THE OTHER
SIDE TO BECOME A LITTLE MORE
DOVISH.
THAT IS NOT OUR BASE CASE RIGHT
NOW. WE THINK THE ON HOLD MAKES
SENSE. ANNMARIE:
ON HOLD FOR THIS YEAR.
WHAT ABOUT FOR NEXT YEAR? AARON:
I THINK WHAT WE HAVE HEARD FROM
FED CHAIR WARSH IS LET'S LOOK
AT THE DATA. WHERE IS INFLATION?
DOES AI GO FROM AN INFLATIONARY
FORCE TO A DISINFLATIONARY
FORCE? OVER WHAT PERIOD OF TIME?
DO WE START TO SEE THE
DISINFLATIONARY PIECES?
CHAIR WARSH ANTICIPATES THIS.
I EXPECT IT WILL TAKE SEVERAL
QUARTERS BEFORE WE GET TO AN AI
BEING DISINFLATIONARY BECAUSE
IF YOU LOOK AT AI'S ENTERPRISE,
IT IS LESS THAN 1%.
THE S-CURVE SUGGESTS WE HAVE A
LOT OF ROOM FOR AI TO PENETRATE
CORPORATE AMERICA AND THE WORLD.
ANNMARIE:
EVEN IF WE WERE TO HAVE FED
HIKES, WITH THAT SLOW DOWN THE
BUILDOUT IN TRADE? AARON:
PROBABLY NOT, BUT I THINK WHAT
THE TRADE HAS, WHAT AREAS OF
THE ECONOMY WOULD HINDER?
PEOPLE WHO WANT TO BUY HOMES.
PEOPLE WHO NEED A LOAN FOR
THEIR CAR PURCHASE. JONATHAN:
PART OF THE MARKET SUFFERING
ALREADY.
WHICH BEGS THE QUESTION, WHAT'S
THE POINT?
CHAIR WARSH BASICALLY ADDRESSED
IT IN THE NEWS CONFERENCE.
DO YOU THINK WE ARE RESTRICTIVE
RIGHT NOW? HOUSING, YES.
EVERYWHERE ELSE, PROBABLY NOT.
IF YOU LOOK EVERYWHERE ELSE,
YOU BASICALLY ANSWERED THE
QUESTION.
WHAT IS GOING TO HAPPEN
HYPERSCALERS SPENDING OR CAPEX
IF THEY DO RAISE RATES?
IT IS NOT GOING TO MAKE A
DIFFERENCE. AARON:
THE MARKET IS TESTING FED CHAIR
WARSH.
WE COULD SEE AN ACCELERATION OF
QT AND THAT IS WHERE I THINK
FED WARSH WANTS TO GO WITH THIS
BEFORE HE STARTS PUTTING THE
HAWKISH GEAR IN PLACE.
I THINK WE ARE GOING TO SEE
MORE HAWKISHNESS ON THE ROLLING
OFF THE BALANCE SHEET. LISA:
IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU LIKE BONDS
AND RIGHT NOW IT IS A GOOD BET
GIVEN THE UNCERTAINTIES IN
STOCKS. AARON:
BONDS HAVE NOT DONE A THING IN
SIX YEARS SINCE JUNE OF 2020.
THE BONDS ARE UNCHANGED.
TOTAL RETURNS UNCHANGED.
HOWEVER, WHERE WERE 10 YEAR
YIELDS IN 2020?
TODAY, THEY ARE ALMOST AT 4.50.
THEY WERE BUILDING NEGATIVE
REAL RATES.
TODAY, THEY ARE ABOUT 225 BASIS
POINTS. WE HAVE CHALLENGES WITH
DEFICITS, DEBT GDP.
IT HAS BEEN GOING TO THE GOLD
TRADE RATHER THAN THE TREASURY
TRADE.
BUT WHEN WE LOOK AT THE REAL
RATE, THERE'S SOME INTERESTING
WHAT I LIKE TO REFER TO AS A
MARGIN OF SAFETY SO IF YOU
WANTED TO DIP INTO THE MARKET
YOU COULD DO IT BASED ON
HISTORICAL NORMS. THAT WOULD
SUGGEST THERE'S A LITTLE BIT OF
OPPORTUNITY. JONATHAN:
AS WE TALK ABOUT THE ADDITIONAL
DEBT SUPPLY COMING FROM
CORPORATE AMERICA, DOES NOT
COMPETE WITH THE CORPORATE
SUPPLY?
WE HAD A TREASURY PROBLEM EVEN
WHEN WE DIDN'T HAVE THIS SUPPLY.
NOW WE HAVE ADDITIONAL SUPPLY.
ARE THEY COMPETING WITH EACH
OTHER? AARON: I THINK SO.
I THINK THE SAFE PLAY HAS BEEN
TO OWN THE FRONT END OF THE
MARKET, WHETHER THAT IS SHORT
DATED HIGH-YIELD CREDIT, WHICH
LOOKS VERY ATTRACTIVE HERE.
YOU HAVE THE CURVE THAT IS
REASONABLY FLAT.
4.20 OIN TWOS, AN INVESTMENT
GRADE CREDIT SPREADS ARE TIGHT
BUT PROVIDING A LITTLE MORE OF
A CUSHION, AND DEFAULT RATES
SEEM TO BE QUITE HEALTHY RIGHT
NOW. I DO THINK INVESTORS,
INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS ARE
GOING TO BE LOOKING ACROSS
TREASURIES INTO INVESTMENT
GRADE.
I THINK CENTRAL BANKS AND LARGE
INSTITUTIONS WANT TO BE
DABBLING WITHIN THE TREASURY
MARKET AND WILL NOT BE MAKING A
RISK-REWARD DECISION ON
HIGH-YIELD VERSUS TREASURIES.
JONATHAN:
LISA, YOU SAW THAT SHORT DATA
FROM SPACEX IN THE LAST 24
HOURS. LISA:
PEOPLE WERE OK WITH THAT.
AGAIN, YOU CAN COUNT ON SOME OF
THE PROMISES HOLDING TRUE FOR
THE NEXT TWO YEARS.
30 YEARS, I DON'T KNOW.
I WANT TO POINT SOMETHING OUT.
I JUST TOOK A LOOK AT HOW LONG
THE RAILROADS TOOK TO PAY FOR
THEMSELVES. 20 TO 30 YEARS.
I WILL POINT ARE WE TALKING
ABOUT THE DISINFLATIONARY
RAMIFICATIONS OF SOME OF THE
HYPERSCALER DEBT AND
SEMICONDUCTOR BAIL OUT?
SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT.
IT IS A DIFFERENT SCOPE THAN 20
TO 30 YEARS BUT THERE IS A
PAYBACK PERIOD OF TIME.
JONATHAN:
IT IS VERY DIFFERENT IN MANY
WAYS THAN ONE.
IF YOU ASK SOMEONE WHAT WE ARE
DOING WITH THIS, WHAT IS THE
DESTINATION, THEY STRUGGLE TO
DESCRIBE IT.
THAT IS VERY DIFFERENT. LISA:
PEOPLE SAY THIS IS COMPLETELY
DIFFERENT BECAUSE WE DON'T KNOW
WHAT THE ULTIMATE GOAL IS OR
WHAT THE WORLD LOOKS LIKE WHEN
IT IS MORE EFFICIENT ON THE
HEELS OF AI. JONATHAN:
AARON KENNON.
FUTURES ON THE S&P ABOUT
POSITIVE.
WE GET EARNINGS FROM MICRON
LATER THIS AFTERNOON.
LET'S GET YOU AN UPDATE WITH
YOUR BLOOMBERG BRIEF.
VONNIE QUINN HAS MORE. VONNIE:
WE START WITH EARNINGS, WITH
FEDEX TRADING LOWER IN THE
PREMARKET. THE COMPANY REPORTED
FOURTH-QUARTER RESULTS THAT
BEAT EXPECTATIONS, BUT WORD OF
INFLATION AND TRADE HEADWINDS.
ADJUSTING EARNINGS THIS YEAR AS
ITS TURNAROUND CONTINUES.
SK HYNIX FIGHTING FOR A U.S.
IPO.
THE COMPANY LOOKING TO RAISE
$29 BILLION TO MEET MEMORY CHIP
DEMAND.
SK HYNIX EXPECTS TO START
TRADING ON JULY 10.
CHAIRS ARE UP MORE THAN 300% IN
SOUTH KOREA THIS YEAR.
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP ORDERING
THE DOJ TO LOOK INTO GAS PRICES.
THE PRESIDENT POSTING ON TRUE
SOCIAL COME ON THE BIG OIL
COMPANIES ARE NOT DROPPING THE
PRICE OF THE PUMP COMMENSURATE
WITH THE SHARPLY LOWER PRICES
THEY ARE PAYING FOR OIL.
IN OTHER WORDS, CUSTOMERS ARE
BEING GOUGED.
THAT IS YOUR BLOOMBERG BRIEF.
JONATHAN:
MORE FROM VONNIE AND ABOUT 20
MINUTES TIME.
COMING UP, THE MAMDANI EFFECT.
>> WE NEED A GOOD NEIGHBOR.
WE NEED SOMEONE WHO WILL ALWAYS
HAVE OUR BACK.
>> OUR TEAM OF PROGRESSIVE
CHAMPIONS IS GROWING TONIGHT.
JONATHAN:
WE CATCH UP WITH TOBIN MARCUS.
LIVE FROM NEW YORK CITY THIS
MORNING, GOOD MORNING. ♪
JONATHAN: STOCKS POSITIVE ABOUT
.1% ON THE S&P.
ON THE NASDAQ UP BY 0.5%.
THE PHILADELPHIA SEMICONDUCTOR
INDEX DOWN BY CLOSE TO 8% AT
THE CLOSE HEADING INTO A GUT
CHECK FOR THIS TRADE.
MACRON AFTER THE CLOSING BELL.
LISA:
A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE SAYING THIS
IS A HIGH BAR CONSIDERING FIVE
OF THE SIX EARNINGS REPORTS
THAT PREVIOUSLY CAME OUT FROM
MICRON LED TO DOWN DAYS ON THE
SHARES. EVEN WHEN THEY BEAT
EXPECTATIONS THEIR SHARES TEND
TO GO DOWN SIMPLY BECAUSE WHEN
YOU'RE ON A MOONSHOT IN TERMS
OF STOCK PERFORMANCE IS VERY
HARD TO DELIVER IN REALITY.
JONATHAN:
THE BOND MARKET PICTURE, 2'S,
10'S, 30'S, 10' IS AROUND 4.5
ZERO. AN ENDORSEMENT FROM THE
TREASURY SECRETARY AT THE
ECONOMIC CLUB OF NEW YORK FOR
THE FED CHAIR KEVIN WARSH.
ANNMARIE:
ALSO SANG TRUMP UNDERSTANDS
BOND MARKETS HAVE TAKEN OUT
MORE GOVERNMENTS, SAYING WE ARE
GOING TO LET THE FED CHAIR BE
INDEPENDENT.
TO LISA'S POINT, HE IS ALMOST
WHISPERING WE ARE ON BOARD WITH
WHAT KEVIN WARSH IS DOING.
EVEN THOUGH HE CAME OUT HAWKISH
AND INTERVIEWED AS A DOVE.
JONATHAN:
BESSENT UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS
FED CHAIR YEARS OVERLY DOVISH
AT THIS POINT TREASURIES DON'T
RALLY, THEY SELLOFF AND WE HAVE
A DIFFERENT PROBLEM.
YOU NEED TO HAVE A COMMITMENT
TO GETTING INFLATION BACK TO
TARGET TO STABILIZE THE BOND
MARKET.
THERE IS AN APPRECIATION OF
THAT FOR NOW. LISA:
KNOW IF YOU'RE LOOKING AT THE
MARKET AND YOU LOOK AT THE MOST
IMPORTANT BENCHMARK YIELD, THE
10-YEAR, IT HAS GONE DOWN SINCE
THE FED HAS COME OUT WITH A
MORE HAWKISH STATEMENT.
FROM THIS PARTICULAR
PERSPECTIVE IN SOME WAYS
THEY'VE EASED MONETARY POLICY,
AT LEAST WHEN IT COMES TO
THINGS LIKE MORTGAGES. JONATHAN:
WTI, 71.
WE ARE DOWN ANOTHER 2%.
BRENT CRUDE AT 75.
UNDER SURVEILLANCE, NEW YORK
POLITICS. THE MAMDANI EFFECT.
>> I SEE A NEW YORK WE CAN ALL
AFFORD.
>> HE HAS BEEN TELLING US WHAT
IT LOOKS LIKE TO FIGHT FOR A
NEW YORK CITY EVERYONE CAN
AFFORD.
>> WE NEED A GOOD NEIGHBOR.
WE NEED SOMEONE WHO WILL ALWAYS
HAVE OUR BACK.
>> OUR TEAM OF PROGRESSIVE
CHAMPIONS IS GROWING TONIGHT.
JONATHAN:
MAYOR ZOHRAN MAMDANI FLEXING
POLITICAL MUSCLE.
THREE CANDIDATES BACKED BY THE
DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST WINNING
THEIR CONGRESSIONAL PRIMARIES
LAST NIGHT AND OUTSTANDING TWO
INCUMBENTS. GOOD MORNING, TYLER.
TYLER: GOOD MORNING.
THESE RESULTS COULD DOUBLE THE
NUMBER OF DEMOCRATIC SOCIALISTS
IN CONGRESS BECAUSE IN THE
PREDOMINANTLY BLUE CITY THE
WINNER OF THESE PRIMARIES ARE
HEAVILY FAVORED WHEN IT COMES
TO THE GENERAL ELECTION.
VOTERS ADVANCED TWO MEMBERS OF
THE DEMOCRATIC SOCIALISTS OF
AMERICA WHO WERE ENDORSED BY
MAMDANI IN NEW YORK.
THE SEVENTH AND 13TH
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICTS WHICH
INCLUDED UNSEATING ONE
DEMOCRATIC INCUMBENT WHICH
SERVES AS THE CHAIR OF THE
HISPANIC CAUCUS.
DAN GOLDMAN WHO REPRESENTS NEW
YORK'S 10TH DISTRICT, WHICH
INCLUDES WALL STREET -- AND WHO
HAS ONE OF THE MOST LIBERAL
VOTING RECORDS IN CONGRESS --
HE LOST HIS BID FOR REELECTION
TO THE FORMER MAYORAL CANDIDATE
BRAD UNDER WHO HAD MAMDANI'S
BACKING.
THESE CONTESTS EXPOSE THE
IDEOLOGICAL TENSIONS AND
GENERATIONAL TENSIONS WITHIN
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY RIGHT NOW.
WE SAW SOME PARTY LEADERS LIKE
HAKEEM JEFFRIES SEE HIS
ENDORSED CANDIDATES NOT ADVANCE
AFTER LAST NIGHT.
ATTENTION IS LIKELY GOING TO
FOCUS MORE ON THE MORE
CONTESTED RACES IN NEW YORK
STATE NEXT.
THAT INCLUDES THE DISTRICT HELD
BY REPUBLICAN CONGRESSMAN MIKE
LAWLER WHO AFTER LAST NIGHT IS
SAID TO FACE A FORMER ARMY
OFFICER, KATE CONLEY, IN THE
ELECTION COME NOVEMBER.
THAT SEAT IS ONE OF THOSE
DISTRICTS IN NEW YORK THAT
KAMALA HARRIS WON.
IT WILL BE A RACE ABOUT
AFFORDABILITY.
I GOT LITERALLY FLASHBACKS TO
THE SALT CAPTIVATE FROM LAST
SUMMER WHICH MICHAEL LAWLER PUT
HIMSELF IN THE CENTER OF IN A
BID TO GET TO THIS POINT HEADED
INTO NOVEMBER. JONATHAN:
TYLER, THANK YOU.
LET'S GO WITH THE WORDS OF
MAMDANI IN NEW YORK CITY.
WE NEED A GOOD NEIGHBOR.
LET'S TALK ABOUT ONE OF OUR
NEIGHBORS.
ONE OF THE CANDIDATES WHO WON
LAST NIGHT, THEIR WORDS ON
SOCIAL MEDIA, THEY REACHED FOR
THE AMERICAN FLAG TO WIPE THEIR
HANDS BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T HAVE
A NAPKIN.
THERE THE CANDIDATES GETTING
SUPPORT IN NEW YORK CITY?
ANNMARIE:
ALSO WE SHOULD ABOLISH BORDERS
COMPLETELY.
MEMBERS WHO LED ANTI-ISRAELI
PROTESTS IS THAT MANY VIEWED AS
MAYBE ANTI-SEMITIC IN NEW YORK
CITY.
YES, THESE ARE VERY LEFT WING
OF THIS PARTY.
THEY ARE EVEN, TO TYLER'S
POINT, BEING OUT INDIVIDUALS
WHO WERE LIBERAL.
THIS IS LEFT OF THOSE LIBERALS
THE NEW YORK HAS BEEN SENDING
TO CONGRESS. JONATHAN:
THIS IS WHAT KIND OF MARKETS
WOLF RESEARCH HAS TO SAY.
THESE WINS WERE UNIQUELY ROOTED
IN ACTUAL ORGANIZING BY N.Y.C.
DSA THAT DOESN'T EXIST ANYWHERE
ELSE AND THE PERSONALITY OF
MAMDANI DOESN'T EXIST ELSEWHERE
EITHER.
IS THERE A TAKEAWAY FOR THE
NATIONAL PLATFORM? TOBIN:
GOOD MORNING.
CERTAINLY I THINK THERE IS SOME
RATE ACROSS HERE.
THIS IS A STRIKING SET OF WINS.
A VERY BIG SURPRISE, BIG UPSET
AS YOU WERE ALLUDING TO.
SOME VERY EXTREME VIEWS FROM
HER.
THAT VOTERS WERE ABLE TO GET
THEIR HEADS AROUND.
THIS IS A VERY UNIQUE
ELECTORATE.
THEIR AMBITION IS MAYBE THIS
COULD TRANSLATE TO OTHER BIG
CITIES.
I DON'T THINK ANYONE EVEN
WITHIN THE WING OF THE PARTY IS
EXPECTING THIS TO TRANSLATE TO
THE TYPICAL DISTRICT WHICH IS
IN THE SUBURBS WHERE MOST
PEOPLE IN AMERICA LIVE.
THERE IS GOING TO BE A REALLY
VOCAL INTERESTING, NEW, VERY
FAR LEFT OF PEOPLE IN CONGRESS
AS A RESULT, BUT IT IS ONLY SO
FAR. FOR THE ENTIRE PARTY.
ANNMARIE:
HOW DOES HE CAME JEFFRIES DEAL
WITH THIS, NOT ONLY IN NEW YORK
BUT HIS LEADERSHIP ROLE IN
CONGRESS? TOBIN:
ASSUMING HE WINS THE SPEAKER'S
GAVEL AS MOST EXPECT HE WILL
HAVE A REAL CHALLENGE ON HIS
HAND.
IT WILL BE A VERY FRACTIOUS
CAUCUS.
IT ALREADY HAS BEEN PEERED IN
THE OPPOSITION HE HAS DONE A
GOOD JOB KEEPING DEMOCRATS
TOGETHER, BUT THAT IS RUNNING
THE HOUSE ON EASY MODE WHERE
ALL YOU REALLY NEED TO DO IS
GET PEOPLE TO A LINE IN
OPPOSITION TO THE PRESIDENT.
WHEN IT COMES TO ACTUALLY DOING
SOMETHING AFFIRMATIVE, IT'S A
REAL CHALLENGE ABOUT WHAT IT IS
THEY ARE EVEN TRYING TO DO,
PARTICULARLY GIVEN HOW
POLICY-LIGHT OF THE DEMOCRATIC
CAMPAIGN IS THIS YEAR AS THEY
WANT TO STAY LIVES ARE FOCUSED
ON TRUMP.
HE DOESN'T HAVE THE TRACK
RECORD THAT SOMEONE LIKE PELOSI
HAD AS AN UNTESTED NEW LEADER.
HE HAS A REAL CHALLENGE AHEAD
OF HIM. ANNMARIE:
THE PLAYBOOK THIS MORNING SAYS
THE NEW KING OF NEW YORK
TALKING ABOUT ZOHRAN MAMDANI
GIVEN'S BACKING OF THE
CANDIDATES THAT
WON.
I THINK THE WRITING WAS ON THE
WALL.
IS THIS AWKWARD GIVEN HOW CLOSE
WE'VE SEEN THE RELATIONSHIP
BETWEEN THE NEW YORK MAYOR AND
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES? TOBIN:
IT WAS A REALLY, REALLY
STRIKING HOW WELL THAT FIRST
MEETING BETWEEN MAMDANI AND
TRUMP WENT AND THEY SEEM
SIMPATICO IN CERTAIN WAYS BUT
THEY ARE NOT ACTUAL POLITICAL
ALLIES.
THERE HAS BEEN SOME TENSION
OVER FOREIGN POLICY SINCE THEN.
I CERTAINLY THINK PRESIDENT
TRUMP WILL HAVE NO COMPUNCTION
IN TEEING OFF ON THE EXTREME
VIEWS OF SOME OF THESE
CANDIDATES WHO JUST ONE
PRIMARIES AND WILL BE HAPPY TO
MAKE IN THE FACE TO THE PARTY
TO THE EXTENT THAT HE CAN SINCE
HE REALLY WANTS TO RUN A
MIDTERM CAMPAIGN AGAINST
DEMOCRATS BEING EXTREME AND OUT
OF TOUCH ON ISSUES LIKE
IMMIGRATION AND CRIME IN THE
FIRST PLACE.
THESE ARE VERY MUCH THE KINDS
OF TARGETS YOU WILL BE HAPPY TO
HAVE IN WASHINGTON. LISA:
ARE YOU SURPRISED AT THE
TURNOUT WASN'T HIGHER? TOBIN:
NOT REALLY.
SOME COMPARISONS GOING AROUND
TO TURNOUT LAST YEAR IN THE
MAYORAL PRIMARY, BUT THAT
OBVIOUSLY WAS HIGHLY CONTESTED
AT THE ENTIRE CITY-WISE LEVEL.
HERE THERE WERE RELATIVELY
HYPOXIC TURNOUT IN CONTESTED
AREAS, INCLUDING BOTH OF THE
BIG SOCIALIST WINS.
BUT, TYPICALLY, HE WAS ONLY
ABOUT 10% TURNOUT IN 2024 IN
THE CONGRESSIONAL PRIMARIES
THEN AND I THINK WE WILL BE
NORTH OF THAT HERE.
THEY ARE PARTY PRIMARIES.
THE TURNOUT IS NOT ALL THAT
HIGH EVEN WITH A LITTLE
ORGANIZING AROUND THEM IN NEW
YORK. JONATHAN:
APPRECIATE YOUR TIME AND
PERSPECTIVE.
TOBIN MARCUS OF WOLF RESEARCH.
YOU MIGHT ARGUE THIS EXPOSES
THE DIFFICULTY THIS PARTY WILL
HAVE FINDING A CANDIDATE
THROUGH THE PRIMARY PROCESS
THAT CAN ACTUALLY SUCCEED ON
THE NATIONAL STAGE IN THE
GENERAL IN A FEW YEARS TIME.
LISA:
THIS WILL BE THE BIG CHALLENGE.
IN PLACES LIKE PENNSYLVANIA
MORE MODERATE CANDIDATES WON
THE DEMOCRATIC PRIMARIES.
YOU CAN SEE IN LOCAL POCKETS
YOU SEE VERY MUCH MORE
EXTREMIST PUSH.
HOW DO YOU WIN A COHORT OF
PEOPLE WHO SKEW A CERTAIN
DIRECTION?
THIS IS THE REASON WHY WE ARE
ASKING HOW MUCH TO REPRESENT
THE MAINSTREAM? ANNMARIE:
THIS IS WHY TOBIN THINKS IT IS
A NEW YORK ISSUE AND WILL NOT
GO MAINSTREAM ACROSS THE NATION.
JONATHAN:
WE WILL TALK ABOUT THE TECH
TRADE.
DAN IVES
WILL JOIN US TO TALK ABOUT
MICRON AS THEY FACE A CRUCIAL
EARNINGS TEST THIS AFTERNOON. ♪
JONATHAN:
EQUITY FUTURES BOUNCING BACK BY
A LITTLE MORE THAN .1% ON THE
S&P.
WEAKNESS YESTERDAY FOR
TECHNOLOGY STOCKS.
INCLUDING CHIP STOCKS AS WELL.
THE SEMI INDEX DOWN BY CLOSE TO
8% AT THE CLOSE.
THE BIGGEST LOSING DAY WE HAVE
SEEN IN ABOUT TWO WEEKS FOR
THAT INDEX.
LET'S TURN TO THE BOND MARKET.
TWOS, TENTS, AND 30'S.
TWOS JUST HANGING IN AROUND
4.19%. THIS TALK ABOUT THE DATA.
PMI'S AT THE HEADLINE LEVEL
PRETTY DECENT YESTERDAY. LISA:
THIS IS THE REASON WHY PEOPLE
SEE A LIKELIHOOD OF RATE HIKES.
EVEN WITH OIL PRICES COMING
DOWN.
OR IS THIS INCREASING MOMENTUM
IN THE UNDERLYING ECONOMY AND
CORE PCE IS GOING TO GIVE YOU A
SENSE OF THAT TOMORROW.
A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE EXPECTING
THIS PMI BOOM IN TERMS
OF MANUFACTURING AND SERVICES
AS WELL. JONATHAN:
WE HAVE SAID THIS A NUMBER OF
TIMES BUT IT IS WORTH REPEATING.
THIS CONVERSATION IS STILL
GOING ON EVEN WITH THIS MOVE IN
CRUDE.
THIS MOVE IS NOT LEADING TO
FADING RATE HIKE THAT'S.
RATE HIKE BETS HAVE FIRMED UP,
IF ANYTHING, OVER THE LAST WEEK.
BEAR IN MIND WHERE WTI WAS AT
THE END OF FEBRUARY.
THE HIGH 60'S.
WE ARE A FEW DOLLARS AWAY FROM
WIPING OUT THE POST-WAR RALLY.
LISA:
YOU ARE HEARING A DIFFERENT
TONE FROM CHRISTINE LAGARDE,
WHO SEEMS TO BE BACKING AWAY
FROM THE POTENTIAL FOR MORE
RATE HIKES. JONATHAN:
A BASKET CASE AND HAS BEEN FOR
A NUMBER OF DECADES. LISA:
THE UNITED STATES IS THE
OPPOSITE.
SAYING, THIS IS SOMETHING WE
CAN MANAGE. ANNMARIE:
IT IS BECAUSE WE HAVE INFLATION
ELSEWHERE.
THAT IS THE AI BUILDOUT, EVEN
THOUGH THEY ARE GOING TO LOOK
THROUGH THE RISE OF ENERGY
PRICES WHEN IT COMES TO OIL.
THEY BE NOT ENOUGH FOR THE
PRESIDENT TO BE ABLE TO LOOK
THROUGH AT THIS MOMENT
POLITICALLY, BUT RIGHT NOW IT
LOOKS LIKE THE FED COULD LOOK
THROUGH THIS. JONATHAN:
BRENT CRUDE $75.81.
LET'S GET YOU SOME MORNING
MOVERS. YAHAIRA:
WE START WITH THE AI CHIPMAKER
CEREBRAS.
THE RESULTS WERE SOLID.
ITS REVENUE TOPPED EXPECTATIONS
AND ITS SALES FORECAST CAME IN
ABOVE WALL STREET ESTIMATES.
BUT AFTER A BLOCKBUSTER IPO,
THE BIGGEST IN CHIP HISTORY AND
A SOLID RUN UP SINCE THEN, IT
FAILED TO LIVE UP TO WALL
STREET'S HIGH EXPECTATIONS.
ANOTHER CASUALTY OF HIGH
EXPECTATIONS IS FEDEX.
THOSE SHARES FALLING 7% IN THE
PREMARKET DESPITE A PROFIT BEAT
AND SOLID SALES OUTLOOK SHARES
UP 80% YEAR-TO-DATE HEADING
INTO THE REPORT.
ALSO FEELING TO LIVE UP TO HIGH
EXPECTATIONS.
ON TOP OF THAT, MANAGEMENT
WARNING THAT TARIFFS AND
INFLATION CONTINUE TO BE A
HEADWIND FOR THE BUSINESS.
WE END ON MICRON.
THOSE SHARES ARE REBOUNDING
3.8% TODAY AFTER A 13% SELLOFF
YESTERDAY.
MADE IT ONE OF THE WORST
PERFORMERS IN THE S&P, BUT THAT
IS NOW BEHIND US AND ALL EYES
TURNED TO EARNINGS AFTER THE
BELL WITH REVENUE EXPECTED TO
NEARLY QUADRUPLE FROM A YEAR
AGO WHILE PROFITS ARE FORECAST
TO BE MORE THAN 10 TIMES HIGHER
THAN A YEAR AGO.
SO, EXPECTATIONS NO DOUBT
SKYHIGH FOR THIS NAME, WHICH IS
THE BIGGEST CONTRIBUTOR TO THE
S&P'S RALLY THIS YEAR. JONATHAN:
MASSIVE MOVE YEAR TODAY.
MORE ON THAT STOCK IN A MOMENT.
ON OUR RADAR, SPACEX RAISING
$25 BILLION IN THAT.
THE BONDS PRICED WIDER THAN
SIMILAR DEBT OFFERINGS, WITH
INVESTORS DEMANDING A PREMIUM
FOR THE COMPANY'S SPENDING
AMBITIONS.
ELSEWHERE, MORGAN STANLEY
BECOMING THE LATEST COMPANY TO
CAP REDEMPTIONS FOR ITS PRIVATE
CREDIT FUND.
OMITTING WITHDRAWALS TO 5%
AFTER INVESTORS SAW TO CASH OUT
OVER 11% OF UNITS OUTSTANDING.
THE TREASURY SECRETARY,
SIGNALING CONFIDENCE IN FED
CHAIR KEVIN WARSH.
>> I AM CONFIDENT THAT THE FED
CHAIR WILL OPTIMIZE THE PATH
FOR BOTH INFLATION AND ECONOMIC
GROWTH AND THE PRESIDENT SAID
AT CHAIR WARSH'S SWEARING IN,
THAT HE SHOULD DO WHAT HE WANTS.
JONATHAN:
GOING ON TO ECHO WARSH'S
BELIEVE IN GETTING INFLATION
BACK DOWN TO THE TARGET OF 2%.
LISA:
HE DID SAY BOND MARKETS HAVE
GOT TO RESPECT THEY HAVE TAKEN
OUT MORE GOVERNMENTS THAN
HOWITZERS.
HE WENT ON TO SAY, NOW WE ARE
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THIS
CONFLICT, TALKING ABOUT IRAN
AND THE UNITED STATES,
INFLATION WILL COME BACK DOWN
TO TARGET.
ARE THESE COMPLETELY THE SAME
MESSAGES?
OR IS IT THAT INFLATION WILL GO
BACK DOWN TO TARGET AND WE CAN
REASSESS THE MESSAGE? ANNMARIE:
HE WANTS TO SEE INFLATION BACK
DOWN TO TARGET BUT IS HE GOING
TO BRING UP THE IDEA THAT MAYBE
THE FED NEEDS TO CHANGE HOW
THEY TARGET INFLATION?
IT SHOULD NOT BE 2%.
IN THE PAST HE HAS TALKED
ABOUT, YOU HAVE TO HIT THE GOAL
FIRST BEFORE YOU MOVE THE
POSTS, BUT TALKING ABOUT A BE
IT IS APPROPRIATE TO TARGET A
RANGE OF 2% TO 3%. JONATHAN:
I HAVE THE LUXURY OF NOT MAKING
A CALL. SO I HAVE THIS LUXURY.
I'M TRYING TO STAY OPEN-MINDED
ABOUT THIS FEDERAL RESERVE.
I BELIEVE THIS WILL BE OF
DIFFERENT INSTITUTION.
LET'S SEE WHERE WE END UP BY
THE TIME WE GET TO THE END OF
AUGUST. THERE IS A NUMBER OF
TASK FORCES.
THERE IS A BIT OF WORK TO BE
DOWN TO WORK OUT WHAT THE
FUTURE OF THIS INSTITUTION WILL
LOOK LIKE.
I'M NOT GOING TO FILL IN THE
GAPS WITH RATE HIKE, RATE HIKE
BECAUSE WE HAVE A CHAIR THAT IS
NOT OFFERING US MUCH GUIDANCE.
LISA:
AT THE SAME TIME WE ARE HEARING
FROM OTHER FED OFFICIALS THAT
ARE SAYING RATE HIKE AND
OFFERING PLENTY OF GUIDANCE.
I AGREE WITH YOU.
IT IS ALSO NOT CONTROVERSIAL IN
MARKETS THAT SOME OF THESE
THINGS SHOULD BE REASSESSED.
LIKE EXACTLY WHAT INFLATION
TARGET WE ARE GOING TO BE
LOOKING AT.
ALL OF THESE THINGS ARE KEY
QUESTIONS.
THE BIGGEST ONE, AI AND ITS
RAMIFICATIONS IN THE LABOR
MARKET.
THESE ARE REALLY KEY QUESTIONS.
I WELCOME THE TASK FORCES TO
DELIVER THE REPORTS. ANNMARIE:
I FEEL LIKE YOU WANT TO RUN ONE.
YOU BRING IT UP ALL THE TIME.
JONATHAN:
WE ARE CRITICIZING THE NEW GUY.
SOMEDAY PEOPLE ARE.
LET'S THINK ABOUT THE OLD FIT.
WHY WAS THE FED IN A POSITION
WHERE IT NEEDED TO GO THROUGH
ALL OF THESE DIFFERENT THINGS
BEFORE THEY STARTED HIKING
INTEREST RATES?
THAT YOU NEEDED SEVERAL
SEQUENCES TO GO THROUGH TO MOVE
GUIDANCE, TO END QE, AND THINK
ABOUT HIKING INTEREST RATES?
WHY DO YOU HAVE A STATEMENT
THAT YOU CANNOT REMOVE
STRAIGHTAWAY?
ALWAYS THERE TO BEGIN WITH WHEN
YOU HAVE A SITUATION IN THE
MIDDLE EAST THAT UPENDED THE
OUTLOOK FOR INFLATION FOR A LOT
OF PEOPLE?
THAT IS THE MESS WE NEED TO
ADDRESS HERE.
THE HANDHOLDING COMING OUT OF
GFCI.
THE COMMUNICATION APPARATUS
THAT CAME OUT OF GFCI IS OVER.
NEED TO ADDRESS ALL OF THOSE
THINGS. LISA:
JUST ON A BROADER LEVEL THAT IS
A GOOD TIME TO DO THAT BECAUSE
THIS IS A NEW ECONOMIC
ERA AND A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE
SAID WITH A LOT OF DIFFERENT
CYCLES OVERLAID ON TOP OF EACH
OTHER IT IS HARD TO GET CLEAN
SIGNALS. JONATHAN:
LET'S TALK ABOUT THE TECH TRADE.
STEADYING AHEAD OF MICRON
EARNINGS TODAY.
SHARES UP MORE THAN 250% SO FAR
THIS YEAR.
DAN IVES OF WHAT WAS RUNNING,
THERE IS SOME ADDED NERVOUSNESS
ON THE IMPORTANT MEMORY CHIP
TRAY.
WE CONTINUE TO BELIEVE WE WILL
GO THROUGH A NUMBER OF GUT
CHECK MOMENTS. GOOD MORNING.
IS THIS ONE OF THOSE GUT CHECK
MOMENTS? DAN: IT IS.
LOOK, THE GOLDEN CHILD OF THIS
TECH BOOM, A LOT OF IT IS IN
KOREA, IN TERMS OF MEMORY CHIPS.
WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT WHAT HAS
HAPPENED WITH SK AND SK
OVERTAKING SAMSUNG,
SUCH AN IMPORTANT QUARTER IN
TERMS OF DEMAND.
WHAT THAT MEANS FOR NVIDIA,
HYPERSCALERS.
OUR CHECKS IN TAIWAN, IN KOREA,
NO CRACKS IN THE ARMORER.
THAT'S WHY I BELIEVE, THIRD
INNING, ONE OUT. JONATHAN:
YOU ARE STARTING TO SEE SOME
PUSHBACK TO PRICE.
INCREASINGLY DOES THAT UP INTO
ANY OF THE STORY? DAN:
I THINK ON THE EDGES THAT COULD.
DEMAND AND SUPPLY CAUGHT 12, 15
TO ONE RELATIVE TO CHIPS.
MY VIEW IS THAT YOU STILL, EVEN
IF YOU HAD SOME EVENTS TO TAKE
SOME DEMAND OFF, YOU DON'T HAVE
AN EQUILIBRIUM PROBABLY FOR
ANOTHER YEAR AND A HALF, TWO
YEARS, WHICH CONTINUES -- WE
HAVE THE CHIP TRADE IS WHAT YOU
CONTINUE TO OWN.
HYPERSCALERS, IN THE PENALTY
BOX TO SOME EXTENT.
YOU WILL SEE SOME PUSH AGAINST
PRICE.
IT IS OUR VIEW OVER TIME PRICE
COMES DOWN.
IT IS PART OF WHAT WE ARE
SEEING WITH TOKENS. LISA:
PROFIT MARGINS HAVE BEEN GOING
TO THE MOON.
THEY HAVE BEEN INCREDIBLY
ROBUST AT SOME OF THE SEMI
CONDUCTORS, IN PART BECAUSE
THEY CAN CHARGE WHATEVER THEY
WANT. THAT IS CHANGING.
YOU ARE SEEING SOME COMPETITION
WITH GOOGLE AND AMAZON.
AT WHAT POINT DO YOU SEE THOSE
MARGINS COMPRESSED? DAN:
IF THERE IS A PRESSURE POINT
YOU DON'T SEE THAT FOR ANOTHER
9, 12 MONTHS.
COMPETITION IS COMING ACROSS
THE BOARD. IT IS AN ARMS RACE.
ANY THINK ABOUT WHAT META IS
DOING, TO AMAZON, TO MICROSOFT,
YOU HAVE SOFTWARE COMPANIES
THAT WILL START TO PRODUCE
CHIPS.
LOOK AT THE INTEL SIDE WITH
APPLE.
THAT WILL DEFINITELY START TO
PRESSURIZE THE SITUATION.
BUT IN MY VIEW IT CONTINUES TO
BE THAT WE ARE STILL SO EARLY
RELATIVE TO THE BUILDOUT, AND
THAT IS WHY YOU ARE GOING TO
HAVE THESE GUT CHECK MOMENTS.
YOU WILL HAVE THESE WHITE
KNUCKLE PERIODS.
WE VIEW THESE AS OPPORTUNITIES
WHERE YOU OWN THE AI WINNERS.
LISA:
HOW DO YOU KNOW WHO THEY ARE
WHEN THEY ARE SHIFTING AROUND
SO QUICKLY?
I THOUGHT ONE OF THE MOST
INTERESTING STORIES WAS WHEN
MICROSOFT CAME OUT AND SAID
THEY ARE GOING TO BE USING
DEEPSEEK TO LOWER THE COST OF
DEPLOYING SOME OF THEIR LARGE
LANGUAGE MODELS.
IS THIS INDICATING THAT COST IS
A MUCH HIGHER FACTOR ON THE
LIST FOR A LOT OF THESE BIG
TECH COMPANIES WHEN IT COMES TO
WHO THEY ARE GOING TO GO WITH?
DAN: IT IS OBVIOUSLY TECHNOLOGY,
SCALE.
IT IS ALSO THE MODELS OVER TIME.
THE MODELS ARE GOING TO GET
CHEAPER AND CHEAPER.
THE VALUE IF YOU THINK ABOUT IT
IS IN THE DATA, IT IS IN THE
CHIPS.
LESS ABOUT THE MODELS, WHICH IS
WHY ANTHROPIC, OPENAI ARE SO
FOCUSED ON ENTERPRISE. COMPUTE.
THEY ARE FOCUSED ON ALL OF
THESE PARTNERSHIPS BECAUSE WHAT
IS HAPPENING, EVERYONE IS
BUILDING OUT THEIR OWN MOVE, OR
THEIR OWN 40.
THAT IS WHY IT IS A GAME OF
MUSICAL CHAIRS.
EVENTUALLY SOMEONE IS LEFT
WITHOUT A CHAIR. WHO ARE THOSE?
THAT IS OUR JOB.
THAT IS OTHER PEOPLE'S JOB.
YOU ARE STARTING TO SEE A
SEPARATION IN TERMS OF, YOU
CANNOT JUST OWN THE SPACE.
IT SPEAKS TO OUR VIEW.
YOU HAVE TO BE SELECTIVE
RELATIVE TO OWNING THE WINNERS
AND MAKE SURE YOU NOT SITTING.
ANNMARIE:
WHEN IT COMES TO ENTERPRISE,
ISN'T ANTHROPIC WAY AHEAD OF
OPENAI? DAN:
ANTHROPIC FROM A MODEL
PERSPECTIVE, IT IS THEIR WORLD,
EVERYONE IS PAYING RENT
RELATIVE TO WHAT THEY HAVE
DONE, BUT THAT CAP COULD BE
NARROWED QUICKLY.
OPENAI IS NOT GOING TO SIT
THERE ON A TREADMILL.
BUT YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING
WITH ANTHROPIC IN TERMS OF
GOING AFTER TALENT FROM GOOGLE.
BECAUSE A LOT OF IT IS ABOUT
THE ENGINEERS.
IT IS ABOUT COMPUTE POWER.
AND THAT IS GOING TO DRIVE
MORE, EQUITY RAISES, AND THAT
WILL BE A TEST FOR THE MARKET
IN TERMS OF HOW IT HANDLES IT.
ANNMARIE:
I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU SINCE THE
PRESIDENT BRIEFED ME AND
REPORTERS ABOUT PUBLIC-PRIVATE
PARTNERSHIPS WITH THESE
COMPANIES.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THAT? DAN:
SELECTIVELY IT IS IMPORTANT IF
IT IS DONE THE RIGHT WAY.
YOU COULD ARGUE IF YOU THINK
INTEL NOW -- I MEAN, THEY ARE
OBVIOUSLY IN A GLORIOUS
SITUATION.
LOOK WHERE THEY WERE YEAR AGO.
IF GOVERNMENT DOESN'T TAKE A
STAKE THERE, NOW YOU LOOK AT
INTEL, THEY ARE CORN TERMS OF
THE TRADE.
IT COMES TO QUANTUM I THINK
THAT IS IMPORTANT IN TERMS OF
SOME OF THE GOVERNMENT
INITIATIVES.
IT HAS HAPPENED IN CHINA IS
BECAUSE OF THIS ARMS RACE.
JONATHAN:
CAN WE FOCUS ON TWO LOSERS --
META AND MICROSOFT.
TWO OF THE BIGGEST TECH NAMES
ON THE PLANET ARE IN A BEAR
MARKET.
WHAT DO YOU DO WITH THOSE NOW?
DAN: YOU HAVE TO SEPARATE THEM.
MICROSOFT IS THE MOST OVERSOLD
LARGE-CAP NAME.
HAVE THEY MADE STUMBLES ON
COPILOT?
IN TERMS OF ENTERPRISE, THEIR
BACKYARD, COMPUTE, SUPPLY
ISSUES.
I THINK THAT IS ULTIMATELY A
$550 STOCK.
JUST LIKE A YEAR AGO THE
NARRATIVE ON GOOGLE WAS SO
NEGATIVE. LOOK WHERE WE ARE NOW.
FOR META THEY ARE GOING UP
MOUNT EVEREST WITHOUT OXYGEN OR
WHATEVER.
WHAT THEY ARE TRYING TO DO,
THAT WILL BE THE PROVE IT
MOMENT FOR ZUCK AS HE TRIES TO
CHANGE THE MODEL.
I THINK THEY ARE GOING TO BE
SUCCESSFUL DOING IT BUT YOU
CANNOT JUST SPEND ON CAPEX AND
NOT SHOW IT IN RESULTS.
JONATHAN: DAN IVES OF WEDBUSH.
THANK YOU. META, A STRUGGLE.
THE EQUITY MARKET DOING OK MORE
BROADLY.
WITH AN UPDATE ON STORIES, WITH
YOUR BLOOMBERG BRIEF, VONNIE
QUINN HAS MORE. VONNIE:
PRESIDENT TRUMP TRYING TO EASE
CONCERNS ABOUT IRAN'S USE OF
UNFROZEN ASSETS,
SAYING THEY CAN ONLY BE SPENT
ON FOOD AND MEDICAL SURPRISE
FROM THE UNITED STATES.
TEHRAN SAYING
TEHRAN CAN USE THE MONEY IN
WHATEVER WAY IT WANTS.
ALIBABA IS SUING THE DEPARTMENT
OF DEFENSE.
THE E-COMMERCE GIANT ARGUES IT
WAS ADDED TO THE LIST WITHOUT
SUBSTANTIAL EVIDENCE, VIOLATING
DUE CONSTITUTIONAL PROCESS.
IN SPORTS, CRISTIANO RONALDO
COMING THE FIRST PLAYER TO
SCORES GOALS IN SIX DIFFERENT
WORLD CUP TOURNAMENTS.
GIVING HIM 10 CAREER GOALS NOW
IN THE WORLD CUP.
THAT IS YOUR BLOOMBERG BRIEF.
JONATHAN:
I'M REALLY TRYING TO BITE MY
TONGUE AROUND THE WORLD CUP.
I'M ENJOYING IT. LISA: BUT?
JONATHAN:
THERE WAS A SOCIAL MEDIA POST
FROM TOM BRADY YESTERDAY.
IT SAID, BEST WORLD CUP EVER.
LET'S BE OPEN ABOUT WHAT IS
HAPPENING HERE.
WE HAVE FOUR QUARTERS NOW,
WHICH IS NOT JUST ABOUT AD
REVENUE. IT IS ABOUT MAINTAINING
INTENSITY OF THE GAME.
YOU HAVE AN EXPANDED
TOURNAMENT, WHICH MEANS YOU
HAVE A LOWER-RANKED TEAMS
PLAYING HIGHER-RANKED TEAMS IN
THE GROUP STAGE, WHICH MEANS
YOU GET THIS TOTAL MISMATCH
THAT GENERATES DRAMA IN EITHER
DIRECTION. DIRECTION.
IF THEY MANAGE TO EKE OUT A
DRAW, FANTASTIC ENTERTAINMENT.
IF YOU GET 5-NIL, FANTASTIC
ENTERTAINMENT.
THE CORE FOOTBALL IF MYSELF AND
OTHERS ARE GOING TO WATCH AND
ENJOY THE WORLD CUP.
THIS IS ABOUT BREAKING INTO THE
U.S. I THINK THEY ARE HAVING
SUCCESS.
PEOPLE LIKE TOM GET TO WATCH
PORTUGAL BEAT UZBEKISTAN. LISA:
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED! DAN:
WHEN YOU GO BACK TO BRAZIL,
1970'S, FERRO HAS TAUGHT ME,
WORLD CUP -- ANNMARIE:
WHEN RONALDO CAME OUT AND SAID
I AM BACK, I AM BACK, AFTER THE
GAME, DUDE, YOU WERE PLAYING
UZBEKISTAN.
NO OFFENSE TO UZBEKISTAN, BUT
THE BAR WAS NOT THERE. JONATHAN:
I AM ENJOYING IT.
IT IS ABOUT GETTING THE PRODUCT
PALATABLE FOR A DIFFERENT
VIEWER. THE NON-CORE AUDIENCE.
LISA:
THE ONE WHO WATCHES GLADIATOR.
JONATHAN: PRECISELY.
PRES. TRUMP:
YESTERDAY 19 MILLION BARRELS OF
OIL FLOWED OUT OF THE STRAIT OF
HORMUZ.
IT IS CALLED AN OIL GUSHED.
OIL WILL COME CHARGING DOWN.
JONATHAN:
FROM NEW YORK CITY, YOU'RE
WATCHING BLOOMBERG TV. ♪
JONATHAN:
CHECK OUT CRUDE THIS MORNING,
DOWN BY CLOSE TO 2%.
75 ON BRENT, WTI AROUND 72.
UNDER SURVEILLANCE, SUPPLY IS
BEGINNING TO PICK UP.
PRES. TRUMP:
YESTERDAY, 19 MILLION BARRELS
OF OIL FLOWED OUT OF THE STRAIT
OF HORMUZ.
IT'S CALLED AN OIL GUSHED.
OIL, FOR THE FIRST TIME IN
MONTHS, HIT -- THINK OF IT.
$70 A BARREL.
THAT EQUATES TO A VERY LOW
PRICE.
OIL IS GOING TO COME CHARGING
DOWN. JONATHAN:
OIL CONTINUING TO FALL, OFF
MORE THAN 40% FROM ITS HIGH AT
THE PEAK OF THE WAR.
WE NOW ASSUME THE PERSIAN GULF
EXPORTS NORMALIZE THE PREWAR
LEVELS BY THE END OF JULY.
WE ARE REDUCING OUR 26 BRENT
QUARTER FORECAST TO $80.
GOOD MORNING.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE POSTWAR
PREMIUM THAT SO MANY PEOPLE
THOUGHT WOULD STAY IN THIS
PRICE? DAAN: I THINK MARKETS ARE
INCREASINGLY CHALLENGING THE
PREMIUM BECAUSE THE SHARPEST
SUPPLY SHOT IN HISTORY HAS
EFFECTS. WE ARE LEARNING SUPPLY
DISRUPTION RISK IS HIGHER THAN
WIDELY BELIEVED.
ON THE OTHER HAND WE ARE
DISCOVERING THERE IS
POTENTIALLY MORE FLEXIBILITY IN
THE SYSTEM ON THE DEMAND SIDE,
THE MIDDLE EASTERN SUPPLY
PICTURE.
MAYBE THIS IDEA THAT YOU NEED A
VERY LARGE STICKY SECURITY
PREMIUM IS BEING CHALLENGED BY
MARKETS RIGHT NOW. LISA:
DO YOU SEE IT CONTINUING TO
RAPIDLY DECLINE BECAUSE OF THE
DEMAND TO STRUCTURE THAT WILL
STICK IN CHINA BECAUSE OF THE
INCREASED BARRELS, INCREASE
PRODUCTION FROM THE UAE?
WHAT EXACTLY ARE THE FACTORS
YOU SEE? DAAN:
OIL PRICES ARE COMING DOWN
QUICKLY FOR THREE WAYS.
REOPENING IS GOING WELL AND
QUICKLY.
WE ESTIMATE TOTAL EXPORTS FROM
THE GULF ARE BACK AT 60% OF
PREWAR LEVELS OVER THE LAST
WEEK. SECONDLY, MARKETS ARE
CHALLENGING THE IDEA THAT YOU
NEED A STICKY LARGEST SECURITY
PREMIUM FOR THE REASONS WE
DISCUSSED.
THIRD, MARKETS ARE PUTTING SOME
PROBABILITY ON THE POSSIBILITY
THAT OIL DEMANDS WILL BE
STRUCTURALLY WEAKER AS A RESULT
OF THESE SHOCK.
OUR BASE CASE IS 90% OF THE 5%
OF GLOBAL DEMAND OIL LOSSES WE
SAW IN THE SPRING BOUNCE BACK,
AS HAS HAPPENED IN THE PAST. IN
2022 AND 2011.
WITH THE RISE OF EV'S AND EV
SALES ARE SURGING, IT'S FAIR TO
ASK HOW CONFIDENT CAN WE BE
MOST DEMAND COMES BACK. LISA:
IS THAT CHINA, EUROPE, THE
UNITED STATES IN TERMS OF
STRUCTURAL DEMAND DESTRUCTION
AT PLAY? DAAN:
MOSTLY CHINA THEN EUROPE.
THE 15 LARGEST EV MARKETS, 13
OUT OF 15 SAW BIG INCREASES IN
THE SHARE OF EV'S SINCE THE
START OF THE WAR.
WITH A GLOBAL AVERAGE INCREASE
IN EV SALES OF ABOUT 3.5%.
LOOK AT CHINA.
WE HAD 11 PERCENTAGE POINTS
INCREASE IN THE EV SHARE OF
SALES.
IT SEEMS CHINA IS RESPONDING
MORE QUICKLY TO THE LARGEST OIL
SUPPLY SHOCK EVER AND CHINA
CRUDE IMPORTS REMAIN DOWN 40%.
OUR ASSUMPTION IS IF PRICES
MODERATE CHINA WILL GO BACK TO
THE CRUDE MARKETS, START
REFILLING INVENTORIES, BUT WE
CAN'T BE SURE.
I THINK THE MARKET IS TESTING
THAT ASSUMPTION. ANNMARIE:
WHERE IS THE IRANIAN CRUDE
GOING?
STILL CHINA OR MORE CUSTOMERS
WILL BE WILLING TO BUY? DAAN:
STILL CHINA, INDIA WILL BE THE
SECOND MOST IMPORTANT BUYER.
ANNMARIE:
WHAT YOU MAKE OF THE PRESIDENT
SAYING OIL COMPANIES ARE PRICE
GOUGING?
IT WAS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE
NIGHT.
I GUESS HE WAS UP LOOKING AT
OIL PRICES.
WHY AREN'T GASOLINE PRICES
FALLING AS QUICKLY? DAAN:
I THINK IT HAS TO DO WITH THE
SEASONALITY OF GUZZLING PRICES
WHICH TEND TO BE HIGHER IN THE
SUMMER, AND IN GENERAL THERE
TENDS TO BE A LACK OF 10 DAYS
OR SO BETWEEN WHOLESALE PRICES
ON WALL STREET AND RETAIL
PRICES AT THE PUMP.
THIRD, STRUCTURALLY, WE THINK
REFINED PRODUCT MARKETS ARE
TIGHTER THAN CRUDE MARKETS.
JONATHAN:
WHAT DID THE BULLS GET WRONG IN
THE LAST THREE MONTHS?
I THINK THE INDUSTRY IS SCARRED
A LITTLE BIT.
I MEAN STRATEGISTS LOOKING AT
THE SITUATION.
WHAT DID EVERYONE GET WRONG?
DAAN:
WE AS A COMMUNITY OF ANALYSTS
AND MOST INVESTORS, AT SOME
POINT OIL WAS AT 120 DOLLARS.
HAVE UNDER APPRECIATED THE
FLEXIBILITY IN THE SYSTEM,
WHETHER IT'S CHINA OIL DEMAND,
WHETHER IT IS STORAGE
FACILITIES AND PIPELINES IN THE
MIDDLE EAST TO PRODUCE
PRODUCTION LOSSES, OR THIRD,
THE STRENGTH OF SUPPLY OUTSIDE
OF THE MIDDLE EAST. WE ESTIMATE
GLOBAL OIL SUPPLY AS OF MAY WAS
UP 3 MILLION BARRELS A YEAR
WITH VERY STRONG GROWTH IN
PLACES LIKE BRAZIL AND THE U.S..
JONATHAN:
HOW IMPORTANT HAS THE CHINA
VIVID BEEN IN THE LAST THREE
MONTHS OR SO? DAAN:
CRITICAL PEER CHINESE CRUDE
IMPORTS DROPPED 4 MILLION
BARRELS A DAY OF LESS DEMAND
FOR CRUDE.
YOU SEE THIS ESPECIALLY IN THE
MIDDLE EASTERN GRADE PRICES.
THE SO-CALLED TO BUY OIL PRICE,
YOU ACTUALLY GET A DISCOUNT TO
BUY A BARREL NOW VERSUS
TOMORROW BECAUSE OF THE
WEAKNESS IN THE ASIAN POOL ON
MIDDLE
EASTERN GRADE. JONATHAN:
FROM A POLITICAL PERSPECTIVE,
CHINA ACTUALLY BAILED OUT THE
SITUATION FOR THE PRESIDENT.
I'M NOT SAYING THAT WAS THEIR
OBJECTIVE.
I'M SAYING THAT WAS THEIR
OUTCOME, THE CONSEQUENCE OF
THEIR VISIT. ANNMARIE:
CHINA HELPED THE GLOBAL
CONSUMER.
A LOT OF THINGS HAD TO GO RIGHT.
THE HOUTHIS DIDN'T GET
INVOLVED, WE HAVE A GLUT, WE
HAVE OIL AND OTHER PLACES, WE
WERE ABLE TO RUN OFF
INVENTORIES, CHINA REALLY HAS
THEIR THUMB ON THE SCALE WHEN
IT COMES TO THE OIL MARKET.
LISA:
IT MADE A LOT OF PEOPLE TURN
THEIR FOCUS TO OTHER CRITICAL
MINERALS, RARE EARTHS IN
PARTICULAR, BECAUSE THAT IS NOT
SOMETHING THAT CAN BE REPLACED
SO EASILY.
ONE THING THAT TREASURY
SECRETARY SCOTT BESSENT SAID
LAST NIGHT IS IN TODAY'S SUPPLY
CHAINS IS THE DOMAIN IN WHICH
LEADERSHIP IS TESTED.
TO ME THAT THE STOCKPILING THAT
WE ARE WATCHING, NOT JUST OIL.
JONATHAN:
HAS THE PHONE GONE QUIET,
YOU'RE GETTING NICE REST NOW?
I'M SURE IT WAS OFF THE HOOK.
DAAN:
LOOKING AT OTHER COMMODITIES,
RARE EARTHS, METALS, I'M
EXCITED. JONATHAN:
BOARD OF TALKING ABOUT CRUDE AS
WELL? LISA:
THIS IS WHERE THE ACTION WILL
BE. JONATHAN:
DAAN STRUYVEN OF GOLDMAN SACHS
WITH CRUDE AND THE LOW 70'S
THREATENING TO BREAK INTO THE
60'S.
WE HAVE PCE DATA IN ABOUT 24
HOURS.
EQUITY FUTURES POSITIVE 5.1% ON
THE S&P 500.
THE SECOND HOUR OF BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE IS UP NEXT. ♪
>> THE HAWKS ARE SQUAWKING.
>> THERE TENDS TO BE THIS GLASS
HALF-EMPTY VIEW OF WHERE THE
FED IS GOING.
>> THE MARKETS ARE PRICING TWO
HIKES, FOLLOWED BY EASING NEXT
YEAR.
>> IT MAKES SENSE TO SHIFT TO
HIGHER.
>> THIS IS "BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE." JONATHAN:
OUR NEXT GUEST, ACCUSING
ANNMARIE OF BEING A PART-TIME
KNICKS FAN. [LAUGHTER]
THIS STARTED VERY WELL.
ANNMARIE:
I THINK I SHOULD GO TAKE A
BREAK. JONATHAN:
THE SECOND HOUR OF "BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE" STARTS RIGHT NOW.
WITH EQUITIES ON THE S&P HIGHER
BY .1 PERCENT.
IN THE BOND MARKET, STABILITY
THIS MORNING, BUT ANCHORED
AROUND 4.20% ON THE FRONT OF
THE CURVE. THIS FROM NEIL DUTTA.
ON THE FED, I HEARD A GREEN
LIGHT TO HIKE FROM SECRETARY
BESSENT.
SECRETARY BESSENT SPEAKING IN
NEW YORK YESTERDAY.
LATER THIS AFTERNOON, THIS IS
THE ONE TO WATCH.
THE EARNINGS STORY, MICRON.
A GUT CHECK FOR THE TECH TRADE.
JONATHAN: WE LISA:
HAVE SEEN SO MUCH VOLATILITY
WHEN IT COMES TO SEMI
CONDUCTORS.
MICRON HAS BEEN ONE OF THE BEST
PERFORMERS IN U.S.
EQUITY MARKETS THIS YEAR.
AS DELIVERED ONE OF THE BIGGEST
PERCENTAGE POINTS TO THAT
INCREASE SO FAR.
YOU START TO WONDER, WHAT CAN
THEY DELIVER THAT WILL GIVE
PEOPLE COMPETENCE THIS CAN
CONTINUE?
ULTIMATELY WHAT WE HAVE SEEN IS
WHEN THEY DELIVER EARNINGS
THEIR SHARES TYPICALLY OVER THE
PAST COUPLE OF QUARTERS HAVE
TENDED TO GO DOWN REGARDLESS OF
WHAT THEY PUT OUT THERE.
DOES IT SIGNALED THE NEXT LEG?
ANNMARIE:
OR THEY DON'T DO WELL AS A
GOING TO BE MORE WORRIES IN
THIS MARKET?
WE ARE TALKING ABOUT MICRON THE
WAY WE TALK ABOUT NVIDIA
EARNINGS.
SETTING THE TONE FOR THIS
ENTIRE TRADE.
IT IS NOW MICRON'S WORLD AND WE
ARE LIVING IN A. JONATHAN:
THESE COMPANIES ARE BENEFITING
FROM ALL OF THAT CAPITAL.
SK HYNIX LOOKING TO RAISE
EQUITY IN THE UNITED STATES.
SPACEX INTO THE DEBT MARKET IN
THE LAST 24 HOURS.
JUST SUBTLE SIGNS OF
PUSHBACK THAT ARE LEAVING
THESE COMPANIES TO CHANGE THEIR
STRATEGY.
BUT CERTAINLY THE MARKET
RAISING AN EYEBROW OR TWO AT
THESE OFFERINGS. LISA:
THE FIRST TIME SOMEONE SAYS,
CAN YOU SPARE 25 BILLION
DOLLARS? YOU SAY, OK.
THE SECOND, WHAT ARE YOU GOING
TO USE IT ON?
ALL OF A SUDDEN PEOPLE SAY,
MAYBE WE ARE GOING TO MAKE YOU
PAY MORE.
THIS IS NOT PUSHBACK THAT IS A
DEALBREAKER, BUT YOU DID SEE
INVESTORS START TO DEMAND EXTRA
PREMIUM, PARTICULARLY FOR 30
YEAR DEBT TYPE TO SPACE
EXPLORATION.
HE FELT A SENSE THAT PEOPLE
WERE NOT AS ENTHUSIASTIC.
THE SHORT END, A LITTLE MORE
EXCITEMENT. JONATHAN:
LET'S TAKE THE LONG END,
TRADING WIDER BY ALMOST HALF A
POINT RELATIVE TO OTHER
SIMILAR-RATED DEBT.
I FOUND THAT INTERESTING
BECAUSE I FOUND THAT AS
EVIDENCE OF THE MARKET
QUESTIONING THE RATE OF THE
DEBT AGENCIES THEMSELVES IN THE
LAST WEEK.
MAYBE I'M TAKING IT TOO FAR,
BUT THAT IS WHAT I WAS THINKING.
LISA:
A LOT OF PEOPLE WERE SAYING
THAT VERBALLY.
PEOPLE IN THE MARKET SAYING
THERE WAS A SKEPTICISM ABOUT
HOW INVESTMENT-GRADE THIS
COMPANY IS.
IT IS A LOT OF PROMISE.
AND HOPE TENDS TO BE MORE OF
THE HIGH-YIELD REGIME.
YOU SEE IT BEING PRICED MORE
LIKE A TOP-TIER HIGH-YIELD
COMPANY ON THE LONGER END.
RIGHT NOW A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE
SAYING, THAT IS MORE IN LINE.
JONATHAN:
THE BUBBLE CREW, THAT IS THE
MARKET THAT IS DISCRIMINATING.
WE ARE SEEING THAT AT THE
EQUITY LEVEL FOR THE
HYPERSCALERS.
YOU ARE SEEING THAT
DISCRIMINATION IN EQUITY AND
DEBT. LISA:
THIS IS NOT A BEER GOGGLES
MOMENT. JONATHAN:
IN SOME PLACES THAT MIGHT BE.
LISA:
WE ARE NOT GOING TO GET INTO
THAT LATER.
THIS DEFINITELY IS A DISCERNING
INVESTOR BASE BECAUSE PEOPLE
ARE PICKING THINGS APART AND
TRYING TO SEE WHAT EXACTLY IS
BACKING EACH TRENCH AND, AND
NOT GETTING COMPENSATED FOR?
JONATHAN:
ARE YOU WILLING TO PARK YOUR
BIAS OVER THE NEW YORK KNICKS?
ANNMARIE: I AM READY. JONATHAN:
COMING UP, THOMAS BECKER OF
BLACKROCK.
LIBBY CANTRILL OF PIMCO.
AND JON SERVIDEA ON SPACEX'S
BOND SALE.
A BRUISING TWO-THEY RUN FOR
EQUITY MARKETS.
THOMAS BECKER WARNING OF
IMMEDIATE OBSTACLES, WRITING
RISING STOCK AND BOND SUPPLY
POSES A MEDIUM-TERM CHALLENGE
FOR ASSET MARKETS GIVEN HIGH
VALUATIONS. TOM, GOOD MORNING.
WHERE ARE YOU SEEING THE
PUSHBACK RIGHT NOW? TOM:
I DON'T THINK YOU ARE SEEING
THE PRESCRIBED.
IT IS IN AGGREGATE THAT THE IPO
WINDOW IS OPEN.
CLEARLY TAKING ADVANTAGE OF
THAT. I THINK IN GENERAL THAT IS
SUPPORTED BY EQUITIES.
SENTIMENT IS GOOD AND FINANCIAL
CONDITIONS ARE LOOSE.
I THINK THE DEREGULATORY AGENDA
IS PLAYING OUT WE'RE HAVE MORE
CAPITAL.
ON THE DEBT CITED IS TRICKIER
BECAUSE EACH INCREMENTAL DEBT
ISSUANCE MEANS INTEREST COSTS
THAT IS GOING TO EAT ENTER
EARNINGS.
SO, WE ARE A LITTLE MORE
BULLISH ON THE EQUITY
OFFERINGS, BUT IT IS THE KIND
OF THE UPPING OF THE DEBT
OFFERINGS. JONATHAN:
YOU ARE LOOKING FOR HIGH YIELDS
ON TREASURIES.
THE STORES COMPETE WITH ONE
ANOTHER? TOM:
THAT IS CROWDING OUT.
THAT IS THE BIG QUESTION.
WILL THERE BE A POINT WHERE
GOVERNMENT DEBT ISSUANCE AND
CORPORATE THAT ISSUANCE COMPETE
AND DRIVE AGGREGATE YIELDS
HIGHER?
THE BIG STORY OF THE LAST TWO
MONTHS IS THE SURPRISING
STRENGTH OF THE U.S.
LABOR MARKET. THAT IS WHEN U.S.
REAL YIELDS BEGAN TO TAKE OFF.
WITH THE LABOR MARKET REPORT
PEOPLE WERE LIKE, IT IS NOT
JUST ABOUT HIGH INFLATION, IT
IS AN ECONOMY THAT IS
ACCELERATING AND MAYBE CLOSER
TO OVERHEATING THAN WE THOUGHT.
SO, AS A REAL YIELDS GO UP IT
MAKES SENSE THAT YOU HAVE
HIGHER PRODUCTIVITY.
IT MAKES SENSE THAT YOU HAVE
MORE CORPORATE INVESTMENT
OPPORTUNITIES.
HIGHER REAL YIELDS ARE
ASSOCIATED WITH AN ECONOMY THAT
IS BOOMING AND I THINK THAT IS
SORT OF WAY IT LOOKS LIKE THE
ECONOMY IS HEADING NOW. LISA:
JUST CRYSTALLIZE THIS,
SOMETHING YOU SAID IS YOU HAVE
TAKEN DOWN OVERALL PORTFOLIO
RISK AS THE RISK OF OMAHA AND
OVERHEATED ECONOMY RISES.
ARE YOU SEEING THAT RISK IN THE
BOND MARKET? TOM:
IF YOU LOOK AT 2022 AS AN
EXAMPLE, WHICH IS HIGHER REAL
YIELDS WEIGHING ON ALL ASSETS,
I THINK THAT IS WHAT YOU HAVE
SEEN A LITTLE BIT SOME GLIMMERS
OF THESE DAYS WHEN THE DAY IS A
LITTLE TOO HOT.
THE EQUITY AND BOND MARKET GET
WORRIED ABOUT IT.
IT IS A PERSISTENT HIGH
STOCK-BOND CORRELATION AND THE
LABOR MARKET AND THE GROWTH
SIDE IS WHAT HAS CAUGHT THE
MARKET ALL SIDES.
I THINK THE U.S.
ARE PERFORMING TO THIS DEGREE
IS NOT WHERE PEOPLE THOUGHT IT
WOULD BE AT THE END OF Q1.
IT IS THAT STRONGER DOLLAR,
HIGHER REAL YIELDS.
THAT IS A BIT OF A PAIN TRADE
FOR MARKETS AND SO WE ARE BEING
CAUTIOUS GIVEN MULTIPLES AND
VALUATIONS. LISA:
DOES IT MAKE YOU MORE
COMFORTABLE THAT THE FED HAD
SOMETHING OF A HAWKISH TONE?
TOM:
I THOUGHT THE FED WAS PRETTY
ORTHODOX. WENT BACK TO BASICS.
THERE WAS NOT A LOT OF FORWARD
GUIDANCE.
THE FORWARD GUIDANCE HAS PROVEN
ITSELF OVER THE LAST TWO YEARS
TO HAVE MISSED FROM MARKET A
COUPLE TIMES.
THE FED TOOK OUT TOO MUCH
INSURANCE LAST YEAR, IT
APPEARS, BECAUSE THERE WAS A
BIT OF A FALSE CONCERN ABOUT
THE LABOR MARKET.
I THINK THAT IS BACK TO BASICS.
IT DOES SEEM, WHEN YOU LOOK AT
THE DOTS -- WHICH I DON'T KNOW
HOW MUCH LONGER WE WILL HAVE
THEM -- THAT THERE IS NOW, YOU
KNOW, A PLURALITY THAT THINK
POLICY RATES SHOULD BE HIGHER.
THE BIG QUESTION IS, WHAT IS
THE MIX GOING TO BE?
HE HAS GOT HIS TASK FORCE, THE
COMMITTEE IS GOING TO BE LESS,
THE INFLATION ONE, LESS.
WE WANT LESS OF ALL THESE
THINGS, SO IT IS THIS NARROWING
OF THE SCOPE.
THE QUESTION IS, IF THE ECONOMY
IS STRONG AND NOMINAL GROWTH IS
ACCELERATING HERE YOU'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO TIGHTEN SOME WAY.
DO YOU CHOOSE BALANCE SHEET
FIRST?
DO YOU GO WITH POLICY RATES
FIRST? JONATHAN:
WHAT WOULD BE LESS DISRUPTIVE
FOR RISK? TOM:
I THINK WHAT IS PRICED INTO
FRONT END RISK.
THE MARKET WOULD BE HAPPY WITH
THAT.
THE BALANCE SHEET IS A BIG OPEN
QUESTION, BECAUSE A STEEPER
CURVE, THAT IS WHAT WEIGHS ON
THE LONG END MULTIPLES FOR
EQUITIES.
IF 30 YEAR BONDS TOOK A LEG UP,
IT IS HARD TO SUPPORT THESE
VALUATIONS WITH THAT TERMINAL
RATE.
I THINK THE BALANCE SHEET, I
DON'T THINK IT IS GOING TO BE
DECIDED IN THE NEXT MONTH OR
TWO.
IT IS GOING TO BE ABOUT FRONT
END POLICY RATES.
I THINK THE SEQUENCING OF HOW
THE TASK FORCE VERSUS EVERY SIX
WEEKS THEY HAVE THE POLICY
RATE, SO HOW ARE THOSE TWO
GOING TO INTERSECT IF WE KEEP
GETTING STRONG PMI'S, STRONG
RETAIL SALES?
YOU HAVE THE WHOLE ECONOMY
PERFORMING WELL. ANNMARIE:
DO YOU THINK THEY WILL BE A
TOUCH LESS HAWKISH GIVEN WHERE
OIL PRICES ARE NOW? TOM:
THAT WOULD BE A FORECAST, TO
SAY INFLATION IS GOING TO COME
DOWN FROM HERE.
I THINK THE CHALLENGE WITH THAT
IS IF YOU LOOK AT SERVICES
INFLATION AND CORE GOODS
INFLATION, YOU LOOK AT THE CORE
MEASURES, THEY ARE STUCK ABOVE
3%. ANNMARIE:
A GUEST YESTERDAY SAID THAT IS
A HIGH-END CONSUMER PROBLEM.
TOM: YEAH, I MEAN, OIL PRICES OR
SERVICES? ANNMARIE: SERVICES.
JONATHAN:
KNICK-FLATION IS A
THING.
EVERYONE HAS BOUGHT A HAT.
ANNMARIE:
BY THE WAY, I USED THIS MUG
LAST YEAR AS WELL AND I GOING
BETWEEN NICK'S AND YANKEES.
JONATHAN:
I DON'T THINK HE IS CONVINCED.
TOM: WALK AROUND NEW YORK.
WORLD CUP IS A REAL THING.
PEOPLE ARE OUT AND ABOUT IN
BARS.
THEY ARE FLYING TO WATCH GAMES
IN BARS RATHER THAN AT THE
STADIUM, AND SO I DO THINK
THERE IS A CONSUMER ELEMENT TO
THIS, WHICH IS SURPRISING GIVEN
WHERE RETAIL SALES WAS IN Q1.
IT LOOKS LIKE CONSUMPTION IS
PICKING UP. LISA:
EARLIER THIS YEAR PEOPLE SAID
THE GROWTH WOULD MOVE AWAY FROM
THE UNITED STATES AND THAT
BECAME A DIVERSIFYING TRADE.
IS THIS THE VIOLENT REVERSAL OF
THAT AS EVERYONE PILES BACK
INTO U.S. ASSETS? TOM:
IT LOOKS LIKE THAT MAY BE
U.S.
EQUITIES OUTPERFORMED
POST-HORMUZ.
THE S&P IS AN OUTPERFORMER
SINCE THE INVASION.
I THINK IT IS MORE THE DOLLAR
THAT IS CATCHING PEOPLE OUT.
SO, I THINK THE U.S.
REAL RATE MOVE IS PRETTY LARGE
AND I THINK THAT IS RELATED
MORE TO GROWTH.
IF IT BECOMES ANOTHER U.S.
EXCEPTIONALISM FROM MULTIPLE
QUARTERS I DON'T THINK THAT
MARKETS OUR POSITION FOR THAT.
JONATHAN:
WHERE HAVE YOU GOT THE FED
THROUGH THE SUMMER?
DOING NOTHING? UNCHANGED?
TOM:
OUR BIGGEST SHORTS IN THE BOND
PORTFOLIOS ARE IN U.S.
TREASURIES.
WE THINK TREASURIES HERE, THE
PATH STILL LOOKS TOO LOW
RELATIVE TO THE REST OF THE
WORLD PRINT HAVE BOUGHT FOREIGN
BONDS.
WE BOUGHT AUSTRALIAN BONDS.
WE SOLD TREASURIES BECAUSE THE
GROWTH, THE INFLATION, AND THE
POSITIONING MAKE IT LOOK A
LITTLE CLEANER. JONATHAN:
AND YOU THINK THE FED VALIDATES
THAT PRICING RIGHT NOW? TOM:
THAT IS THE BIG QUESTION.
HOW HE WORKS THE COMMITTEE.
THERE WAS ONE PROPOSAL AND
EVERYBODY GOT BEHIND IT.
AS YOU GO THROUGH MEETINGS IF
THE DATA OR SO STRONG THE
TENSIONS ARE GOING TO BUILD AND
THAT IS ALWAYS -- HOW HE IS
GOING TO
MANAGE. JONATHAN:
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, SIR.
THERE ARE SOME PEOPLE WHO
BELIEVE THE CORE OF THE FED --
JEFFERSON, POWELL, WILLIAMS --
DID WARSH A FAVOR BY NOT
PUTTING THE DOTS UP.
BANK OF AMERICA WROTE THAT NOTE
IMPLYING THEY WERE DOING HIM A
FAVOR BECAUSE HE JUST ARRIVED
AND THEY WILL
BE OFFERING THAT AT THE NEXT
FEW MEETINGS.
THEY ARE NOT GOING TO REVEAL
THEIR DAUGHTER.
THEY ARE NOT THOSE INDIVIDUALS.
PAL IS NOT GOING TO SPEAK.
JEFFERSON HARDLY SPEAKS ANYWAY.
IT IS ONE TO WATCH THROUGH THE
SUMMER. LISA:
THE MARKET IS GIVING A GREEN
LIGHT AND ESSENTIALLY THIS
MARKET IS ALREADY BAKED IN TWO
RATE.
IF THE FED DELIVERS ON THAT
WILL THAT BE DISRUPTIVE?
JONATHAN:
MIGHT BE LESS DISRUPTIVE
RELATIVE TO THE BALANCE SHEET.
LET'S GET YOU AN UPDATE ON
STORIES THIS MORNING.
VONNIE:
IN A REBUKE OF PRESIDENT TRUMP
THE SENATE VOTING FOR THE FIRST
TIME TO END THE WAR WITH IRAN.
MOVE SIGNALS DISAPPROVAL OF THE
CONFLICT, ALTHOUGH IT IS
UNLIKELY TO FORCE ANY CHANGE.
META AND MICROSOFT LEADING A
BOOM IN DATA CENTER LEASES.
EACH COMPANY COMMITTING TENS OF
BILLIONS OF DOLLARS IN THE MOST
RECENT QUARTERS.
THE FUTURE COSTS WILL NOT
APPEAR ON THE COMPANY'S BALANCE
SHEETS UNTIL THEY BEGIN MAKING
PAYMENT ON THEM.
FRANCE RECORDING ITS HOTTEST
DAY ON RECORD AS A HEAT WAVE
GRIPS EUROPE.
RED ALERTS ARE IN PLACE ACROSS
PARTS OF SPAIN, U.K., AND
FRANCE WITH EXTREME
TEMPERATURES DISRUPTING
TRANSPORTATION AND MAJOR
TOURIST SITES.
THAT IS YOUR BLOOMBERG BRIEF.
JONATHAN:
THANK YOU FOR THE UPDATE.
UP NEXT, GROWING CONFIDENCE IN
THE HAWKS.
>> I AM CONFIDENT THAT THE FED
CHAIR WILL OPTIMIZE THE PATH
FOR BOTH INFLATION AND ECONOMIC
GROWTH. JONATHAN:
A DIPLOMATIC TREASURY SECRETARY.
UP NEXT, LIBBY CANTRILL OF
PIMCO.
♪
JONATHAN:
FUTURES POSITIVE 5.1 PERCENT ON
THE S&P 500.
ON THE NASDAQ UP BY .3 PERCENT,
BOUNCING BACK FROM TWO DAYS OF
LOSSES.
BIG TECH ROLLING OVER, SOME
SIGNS OF INSTABILITY GOING INTO
A BIG EARNINGS REPORT THIS
AFTERNOON.
SOME GROWING CONFIDENCE IN THE
HAWKS.
>> UNCONFIDENT THE FED CHAIR
WILL OPTIMIZE THE PATH FOR BOTH
INFLATION AND ECONOMIC GROWTH.
WE WILL BE ON THE OTHER SIDE OF
THIS CONFLICT GAS PRICES WILL
COME BACK DOWN, INFLATION WILL
COME BACK DOWN TO TARGET.
JONATHAN:
SCOTT BESSENT BACKING FED CHAIR
WARSH PREDICTING HE WILL GET
INFLATION BACK DOWN TO THE 2%
TARGET AS THE U.S.
AND IRAN NEGOTIATE AN END TO
THE WAR.
TYLER KENDALL HAS THE LATEST
FROM WASHINGTON. TYLER:
AN ENDORSEMENT FROM THE U.S.
TREASURY SECRETARY SCOTT
BESSENT A FED CHAIR KEVIN WARSH
AFTER THE FOMC HELD RATES
STEADY DESPITE LONG-STANDING
CALLS FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP FOR
A RATE CUT.
BESSENT SAID THE PRESIDENT
UNDERSTANDS THE NEED FOR
INDEPENDENCE FOR THE CENTRAL
BANK AND ADDED, AS YOU
MENTIONED ON THIS PROGRAM
EARLIER, BOND MARKETS HAVE
TAKEN OUT MORE GOVERNMENTS THAN
HOWITZERS.
AN APPARENT REFERENCE TO THE
ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL
INFLUENCES OF THE INFLATION
GETTING BEYOND THE FED'S
CONTROL.
PCE IS EXPECTED TO SHOW THE
EURO FOR YOUR RATE AT FOUR
POINT 1%, DOUBLE THE FED'S 2%
GOAL AND TARGET.
BESSENT DID PREDICT INFLATION
WILL COME DOWN NOW THAT THE U.S.
AND IRAN ARE "ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THIS CONFLICT."
IS STILL HAS THE ADMINISTRATION
WORKING OVERTIME.
YESTERDAY PRESIDENT TRUMP
ANNOUNCED THE DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE WOULD BE LOOKING INTO
GASOLINE PRICES, WHICH HE SAYS
AREN'T FALLING FAST ENOUGH.
THE TREASURY SECRETARY ALSO
DEFENDED HIS DEPARTMENT'S MOVE
THE TEMPORARY 10%
WAIVER.
A RECORD NUMBER OF SHIPS ARE
TRANSITING THROUGH THE STRAIT
WITH THEIR TRANSPONDERS ON IN
AN APPARENT SIGN THAT THERE IS
GROWING CONFIDENCE AMONG
COMMERCIAL SHIPPERS. JONATHAN:
THAT IS SOME BETTER NEWS.
TYLER KENDALL WITH THE LATEST
FROM WASHINGTON.
NEIL DUTTA WAS IN THE ROOM
YESTERDAY EVENING, AS MANY OF
YOU WERE, LISTENING TO TREASURY
SECRETARY SCOTT BESSENT.
ON THE FED I HEARD A GREEN
LIGHT TO HIKE.
IT'S INTERESTING HOW MANY
DIFFERENT PEOPLE ARE GETTING
DIFFERENT OPINIONS OF THIS NEW
FED CHAIR. LISA:
ONE THING WE ARE NOT GETTING
HIS PUSH BACK.
THAT IS SPEAKING VOLUMES.
IN PREVIOUS ITERATIONS OF FED
TO SPEAK, PARTICULARLY JEROME
POWELL, THERE WAS A LOT OF
PUSHBACK.
HE TIMED IT, LOOKED AT TRUTH
SOCIAL, TOO LATE POWELL.
JONATHAN: WAIT A FEW MONTHS.
MAYBE. LISA:
THAT IS WHAT WE HEARD FROM THE
PRESIDENT. JONATHAN:
LIBBY CANTRILL, WHAT DO YOU
THINK WILL CHANGE IN THIS
INSTITUTION?
THE FEDERAL RESERVE? LIBBY:
I THINK IT WOULD HAVE BEEN MORE
NEWSWORTHY IF HE HAD UNDERMINED
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S FED CHAIR.
OF COURSE, WITH THE HOPE IS IS
THAT WITH GAS PRICES COMING
DOWN, WITH INFLATION
EXPECTATIONS REMAINING
RELATIVELY ANCHORED IN THE
MEDIUM AND LONG-TERM THAT THE
FED WILL BE ABLE TO AT LEAST
STAY ON HOLD IF NOT AT SOME
POINT CUT.
I THINK SECRETARY BESSETTE IS
UNDERSTANDING THE POWER OF HIS
OWN JAWBONING, REITERATING THE
IMPORTANCE OF THE INDEPENDENCE
OF THE FED AND OPTIMISM THEY
WILL BE ABLE TO KEEP INFLATION
IN CHECK.
WITH ALL OF THE HOPE THAT THAT
LEADS TO A RATE CUT AT SOME
POINT. THAT'S OUR VIEW AT PIMCO.
WE STILL THINK THE FED WILL BE
ON HOLD THIS YEAR.
WE DO BELIEVE STILL THAT THE
FIRST MOVE THE FED WILL MAKE
WILL BE A CUT NOT NECESSARILY A
HIKE. ANNMARIE:
YOU THINK HE IS SETTING
DETERRENCE, ANCHORING INFLATION
EXPECTATIONS?
LIKELY THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN
COMMUNICATED BEFORE HE WENT
OUT, DIDN'T GIVE A DOT TO THIS
ADMINISTRATION OF WHAT HE WOULD
LIKE TO DO BUT HOW HE WOULD
PRESENT HIMSELF? LIBBY:
HAVE TO TAKE A STEP BACK.
I WORKED WITH HIM AT MORGAN
STANLEY. WHAT HAS HE BEEN?
WHAT HAS ANIMATED
HIM FOR THE PAST 15-20 YEARS?
HE HAS BEEN TALKING ABOUT A,
HONESTLY, MORE HAWKISH BENT TO
THE FED.
ONE THAT IS GOING TO COME UP
FIRST AND FOREMOST, GOING TO BE
FOCUSED ON KEEPING INFLATION IN
CHECK.
IN SOME WAYS, NOW THAT HE IS
CONFIRMED, AS YOU KNOW, HE IS A
LITTLE BIT PROTECTED.
NOW THE PRESIDENT WILL JAWBONE,
I'M SURE HE WILL.
THIS IS A MORE MODERN NORM THAT
WE HAVE BETTER RELATIONSHIPS
BETWEEN THE FED CHAIR AND THE
PRESIDENT.
IF YOU GO BACK TO THE 1960'S,
1970'S YOU HAD A LOT OF TENSION
BETWEEN THE WHITE HOUSE AND THE
FED. IN SOME WAYS THAT IS
INEVITABLE.
THE BIGGER PICTURE HERE IS THAT
NOW HE CAN LOOK AT THE DATA AND
HE CAN ADJUST THE FED
ACCORDINGLY.
THE LAST THING I WILL SAY TO
JOHN'S EARLIER POINT IS, WE
WERE EXPECTING THAT AT LEAST IN
STYLE HE WOULD MAKE CHANGES.
ON SUBSTANCE HE IS REALLY
BEHOLDEN TO THE FOMC.
HE NEEDS THE MAJORITY OF THE
FOMC. SEVEN VOTES OUT OF 12.
ONE VOTE IS IMPORTANT BUT NOT
ALL-POWERFUL. ANNMARIE:
TASK FORCE? STYLE OR SUBSTANCE?
LIBBY: THAT IS AN OPEN QUESTION,
CLEARLY.
MANY OF THE REAL SUBSTANTIVE
CHANGES TAKE A VOTE OF THE
GOVERNORS OR A VOTE OF THE FOMC.
SO, IT'S NOT JUST A QUESTION OF
WARSH JAWBONING OR HAMSTRINGING
THE FOLKS.
HE REALLY NEEDS TO PERSUADE THE
REST OF THE COMMITTEE.
THAT IS AN OPEN QUESTION. LISA:
ONE THING TREASURY SECRETARY
SCOTT BESSENT SAID AS HE
EXPECTS OIL PRICES TO COME DOWN
AND SOME SORT OF NATURAL
DISINFLATION.
IT'S NOT JUST NECESSARILY THE
RATE HIKES.
WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THE VOTE IN
CONGRESS REBUKING PRESIDENT
TRUMP, VOTING AGAINST THE WAR
POWERS AFTER IT WAS ALREADY
OVER? LIBBY:
THIS IS OBVIOUSLY LARGELY
SYMBOLIC, RESOLUTION NEEDS 50
VOTES TO OVERCOME A
PRESIDENTIAL VETO WOULD NEED 67
IN THE SENATE.
WE ARE A LONG WAY FROM THAT.
I DO THINK IT SORT OF
SYMBOLIZES THE GROWING
IMPATIENCE AMONG REPUBLICANS IN
PARTICULAR OF THIS CONFLICT AND
OF THE GENERAL RELATIONSHIP
BETWEEN THE WHITE HOUSE AND
REPUBLICANS IN THE SENATE.
PRESIDENT TRUMP IN AN
UNPRECEDENTED WAY CAMPAIGNED
AGAINST REPUBLICAN INCUMBENTS
IN THESE PRIMARIES.
HE HAS ALSO MADE IT MUCH MORE
DIFFICULT FOR THE MAJORITY
LEADER TO GET IMPORTANT THINGS
THROUGH.
WHETHER IT IS THE SPY POWERS
AND WHAT HAVE YOU.
I THINK IT'S EMBLEMATIC OF THE
GENERAL TENSION, BUT DOESN'T
MEAN VERY MUCH BECAUSE IT IS
SYMBOLIC BECAUSE THEY DON'T
HAVE THE VOTES. LISA:
MARKETS CAN FOCUS ON ONE THING.
RIGHT NOW THEY CAN DO TECH.
THEY DON'T WANT TO DO THE
STRAIT OF HORMUZ, GIVING OUT
THE MIDTERMS. IS THERE ANYTHING
THAT HAS BEEN DEVELOPING WHEN
IT COMES TO HEADING INTO THE
MIDTERM ELECTIONS THAT WE JUST
SAW IN A NUMBER OF DIFFERENT
PRIMARY DISTRICTS THAT YOU
THINK ARE REALLY INSTRUCTIVE
FOR MARKETS THAT PEOPLE HAVE TO
BE WATCHING AND TAKING GREATER
NOTE OF? LIBBY:
LEGISLATIVELY THERE IS A.
WE SHOULD BE TALKING ABOUT THE
HOUSING BILL ABOUT TO BE SIGNED
INTO LAW TODAY.
IT'S INTERESTING THE PRESIDENT
IS TWEETING ABOUT GAS PRICES
AND NOT THAT BECAUSE THIS IS AN
ACCOMPLISHMENT FOR A DO-NOTHING
CONGRESS. THIS IS SOMETHING THAT
INCREMENTALLY MAY HELP SUPPLY.
ON THE PRIMARY SIDE, I'M
THANKFUL TO NOT LEAD WITH THE
NEW YORK CITY PRIMARIES BECAUSE
YOU KNOW. JONATHAN:
TELL US WHY. LIBBY:
MY SOCIAL MEDIA IS MAKING A LOT
OF PREDICTIONS ABOUT WHAT THIS
MEANS FOR
FOR 2026, 2028, AND 2032.
MAYOR MAMDANI WENT THREE FOR
THREE. POLITICS ARE LOCAL.
THIS IS THE CITY THAT ELECTED
AOC, MAYOR MAMDANI.
SO, IT IS A LIBERAL CITY.
IT ALSO SHOWS THAT PEOPLE ARE
ANGRY WITH INCUMBENTS.
THIS IS MAY BE THE BROADER
THEME, THE SIGNAL FROM THE
NOISE.
WE WILL PROBABLY SEE THIS PLAY
OUT IN 2026 AND 2028.
PEOPLE ARE ANGRY.
DEMOCRATS WERE A CASUALTY OF
THAT IN 2024 AND I THINK
REPUBLICANS WILL BE THE
CASUALTY OF THAT IN THE
MIDTERMS. PEOPLE ARE ANGRY
ABOUT GAS, GROCERIES, HEALTH
CARE, NOW AI.
PEOPLE DON'T THINK THE
POLITICAL CLASS IS WORKING AND
AS A RESULT YOU'VE SEEN
INCUMBENTS NOT DO WELL IN THIS
PRIMARY SEASON.
I THINK IT'S MORE OF THAT THAN
IT IS ABOUT SOCIALISTS
NECESSARILY TAKING OVER.
JONATHAN:
YOU SAY POLITICS IS LOCAL, AND
THIS IS SLIGHTLY UNCOMFORTABLE,
BUT WHY IS ISRAEL SUCH A BIG
ISSUE OF POLITICS ARE LOCAL?
LIBBY:
IT IS AN ISSUE IN THE MOST
JEWISH DEMOCRATIC -- SORRY, THE
MOST JEWISH CONGRESSIONAL
DISTRICT IN AMERICA.
DAN GOLDMAN WAS UNSEATED
YESTERDAY REPLACED BY SOMEBODY
WHO HAS BEEN SYMPATHETIC WITH
ISRAEL.
THEY ARE UPSET ABOUT
THE U.S.'S ROLE IN THE WORLD.
AND ALSO, I THINK GAZA
CONTINUES TO BE A LIGHTNING ROD
FOR DEMOCRATS AND IS
EXACERBATED BY THE FACT THAT WE
ARE IN THIS CONFLICT WITH IRAN.
SURE. TOUCHE IN TERMS OF SOME OF
THESE ISSUES ARE MORE GLOBAL,
BUT THE ABILITY FOR THESE
DEMOCRATIC SOCIALISTS HERE IN
NEW YORK CITY TO ORGANIZE, TO
DO THESE GRASSROOTS OUTREACH I
THINK WAS PART OF THE REASON
THEY DID SO WELL LAST NIGHT.
JONATHAN: EYE CLINIC AS ALWAYS.
THANK YOU.
LIBBY CANTRILL OF PIMCO.
SPACEX'S $25 BILLION DEBUT BOND
SALE. ♪
JONATHAN:
EQUITY FUTURES BOUNCING BACK.
NOT A STRONG BOUNCE AFTER TWO
DAYS OF LOSSES ON THE S&P 500.
IN TECH, IN CHIPS, THE
PHILADELPHIA SEMICONDUCTOR
INDEX DROPPING YESTERDAY BY
CLOSE TO 8%, BIGGEST ONE-DAY
LOSS IN TWO WEEKS OR SO, GOING
INTO EARNINGS LATER.
WE’LL TALK ABOUT THAT IN A
MOMENT.
IN THE BOND MARKET, TWOS AROUND
4.20. WE TALKED ABOUT THIS
REPEATEDLY, THE TREASURY
SECRETARY SCOTT BESSENT
SPEAKING IN NEW YORK YESTERDAY
EVENING.
RAISING QUESTIONS ABOUT WHETHER
THEY’VE JUST GIVEN A GREEN
LIGHT FOR KEVIN WARSH AT THE
FEDERAL RESERVE TO RAISE
INTEREST RATES.
LIBBY CAN’T HILL CAME ON THE
PROGRAM AND TALKED ABOUT THE
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN STYLE AND
SUBSTANCE.
I THINK THERE ARE TWO CAMPS
FOLLOWING THE FEDERAL RESERVE.
ARE WE SEEING A CHANGE IN STYLE
OR SUBSTANCE WITH NEW
LEADERSHIP? LISA:
RIGHT NOW PEOPLE ARE TAKING A
LOOK AT THE STYLE AND SAYING
YES, THAT.
BUT CLEARLY ON THE SUBSTANCE
SIDE, IT WASN’T JUST THE NEW
FED CHAIR, IT WAS ALSO THE
MEMBERS THAT ARE NEWLY INVOLVED
IN NOT JUST EASING BIAS, BUT
ALSO TO BAKE IN A COUPLE OF
RATE HIKES.
THAT INDICATES WHERE THE
MAINSTREAM ON THE FEDERAL
RESERVE COMMITTEE THEY ARE.
I WILL SAY THE RESPECT FOR THE
BOND MARKET COMING FROM
TREASURY SECRETARY SCOTT BESS
NOT GAVE PEOPLE A SENSE HE’S
NOT GOING TO PUSH BACK.
JONATHAN: HE GETS IT.
HE KNOWS WHAT’S GOING TO HAPPEN.
YOU GET TOO DOVISH TOO QUICKLY,
THEY’RE NOT A LITTLING IT. LISA:
THIS IS A DELICATE DANCE.
JONATHAN:
LET’S TURN TO THE BOND MARKET
AND THEN TO THE COMMODITY
MARKET.
TO THE COMMODITY MARKET, CRUDE
BACKING OFF AGAIN, LOWER, 75 ON
BRENT. 71 ON W.T.I.
WE’RE ALMOST WIPING OUT THE
POST-WAR RALLY.
DIESEL PRICES STATESIDE
DROPPING BELOW $5 A GALLON FOR
THE FIRST TIME SINCE MID-MARCH.
BETTER NEWS GOING INTO THE
MIDTERMS FOR A WHITE HOUSE
SHAKEN BY A COST OF LIVING
PROBLEM. ANNMARIE: ABSOLUTELY.
IT’S WHY A LOT OF PEOPLE THINK
IF YOU DO THINK THERE WAS THE
REGIME OF THE UNITED STATES
THAT WAS TO BLAME GOING INTO
THIS, THEY DIDN’T GET ALL THEIR
RED LINES.
THEY’RE ONLY GETTING A
WILLINGNESS TO TALK ABOUT
NUCLEAR, AND YET THEY WERE ABLE
TO DO THIS DEAL.
THAT’S WHY I THINK IT’S FUNNY,
THE SENATE COMING OUT WITH THIS
VOTE.
WELL, I HOPE THE IRAN WAR WOULD
BE OVER, GIVEN THE FACT THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
HAS DECIDED TO NO LONGER HAVE
SANCTIONS ON IRANIAN CRUDE.
IS THAT JUST GETTING IN LINE
WITH WHAT THIS WHITE HOUSE IS
DOING? JONATHAN:
I LIKED HOW LISA ASKED THE
QUESTION.
IS SHE TELLING US WHAT SHE
THOUGHT ABOUT THE SITUATION?
LISA:
HONESTLY, JUST THE FACTS, MAN.
JONATHAN: FACTS IN D.C.
RIGHT NOW.
FACTS AHEAD OF THE OPENING
BELL, QUENTIN SOMMERVILLE
MORNING MOVERS. YAHAIRA AS MORE.
YAHAIRA:
MICRON REBOUNDING 3.3% IN THE
PREMARKET AFTER A MORE THAN 13%
SELLOFF YESTERDAY, MADE IT ONE
OF THE WORST PERFORMERS IN THE
S&P. BUT THAT’S NOW BEHIND US.
ALL EYES TURN TO EARNINGS AFTER
THE BELL, WHERE REVENUE IS
EXPECTED TO QUADRUPLE, WHILE
PROFITS ARE FORECAST TO BE MORE
THAN 10 TIMES WHAT THEY WERE A
YEAR AGO.
EXPECTATIONS ARE SKY HIGH FOR
THIS NAME, WHICH HAS BEEN THE
BIGGEST CREDIBILITY FOR TO THE
S&P RALLY THIS YEAR.
SPEAKING OF HIGH EXPECTATIONS,
FEDEX, THE CASUALTY OF THAT
THIS MORNING.
SHARES ARE FALLING AT 6.7% IN
THE PREMARKET, EVEN THOUGH
PROFIT BEAT AND ISSUES A SOLID
SALES OUTLOOK.
BUT AFTER A RALLY OVER 30%
HEADING INTO THIS REPORT YEAR
TO DATE, INVESTORS WERE
EXPECTING MORE ON TOP OF THAT,
MANAGEMENT IS WARNING THAT
PARIS AND INFLATION CONTINUES
TO BE A HEAD WIND.
AND WE END ON A FUN ONE, THE
FAST FOOD CHAIN WENDYS.
SHARES ARE RALLYING MORE THAN
28% IN THE PREMARKET.
YES, THEY ANNOUNCED A SHAKEUP
AT THE TOP WITH A NEW C.F.O.,
BUT THAT’S ONLY PART OF THE
STORY.
THIS NAME IS GAINING TRACTION
ON REDDIT.
TRADERS ZEROING IN ON A 23%
SHORT INTEREST AND A
POSSIBILITY OF A SHORT SQUEEZE.
WENDY’S DOWN 25% YEAR TO DATE,
SO WE HAVE ERASED ALL THOSE
LOSSES AND IT IS NOW POSITIVE
FOR THE YEAR. JONATHAN:
YAHAIRA, THANK YOU.
SOME OF OUR TOP STORIES THIS
MORNING -- THREE CANDIDATES
BACKED BY NEW YORK CITY ZOHRAN
MAMDANI WINNING DEMOCRATIC
CONGRESSIONAL PRIMARIES,
DEFEATING SOME OF THE CITY’S
MOST ESTABLISHED POLITICAL
FIGURES IN A BROAD,
ANTI-ESTABLISHMENT PUSH.
ELSEWHERE, SK HYNIX SEEKING TO
RAISE NEARBY $30 BILLION BY
LISTING ITS A.D.R.’S ON THE
NASDAQ.
IF SUCCESSFUL, IT WOULD RANK
AMONG THE TOP FIVE SHARE SALES
OF ALL TIME.
THE SOUTH KOREAN CHIPMAKER
EXPECTING U.S.
LISTING TRADING TO BEGIN ON
JULY 10.
THE PRESIDENT CALLING FOR A
D.O.J.
PROBE INTO GAS PRICES, ACCUSING
OIL COMPANIES OF GOUGING
CONSUMERS.
POSTING ON TRUTH SOCIAL THE
FOLLOWING, GASOLINE PRICES
BETTER START GOING DOWN FASTER.
PRICES AT THE PUMP ARE UP OVER
30% SINCE THE START OF THE WAR
IN IRAN. LISA:
THIS IS CLEARLY THE POINT,
RIGHT?
ULTIMATELY THIS IS HARD FOR ME
TO SORT OF BE NOT NECESSARILY
SAY SO DELICATELY, THE POINT
BEING, THIS IS ALL POINT, RIGHT?
THE OIL PRICES ARE COMING DOWN.
THIS IS A STIMULUS, HERE YOU GO.
AND HE SHIFTS THE FOCUS ON TO
THE OIL MAKERS TO SAY, BRING IT
DOWN FURTHER, IT DOESN’T GO TO
THE QUESTION OF IRAN AND STRAIT
OF HORMUZ AND BARRELS GOING
THROUGH.
AND THIS IS PRETTY TEXTBOOK,
ESPECIALLY HEADING INTO THE
MIDTERM ELECTIONS. JONATHAN:
IT IS TEXTBOOK.
THE SENATOR OF MASSACHUSETTS.
LISA:
IT’S
EVERY MIDTERM ELECTION, BUT
THIS WAS THE ONE STIMULUS THAT
PEOPLE COULD IMAGINE GOING INTO
THE MIDTERM ELECTION, LOWER OIL
PRICES.
CLEARLY THEY WANT THAT TO GO
DOWN MORE. JONATHAN:
PRICE GOUGING?
STRAIGHT OUT OF THE TEXTBOOK OF
THE LAST FOUR YEARS OF THE
PREVIOUS ADMINISTRATION.
ANNMARIE:
TRUTH SOCIAL IS ONE OF THE
PLACES I DO HAVE TO CHECK EVERY
TIME I WAKE UP IN THE MIDDLE OF
THE NIGHT, AND I SAW THIS AND
REFRESHED, IS THAT A DONALD
TRUMP TRUTH?
BECAUSE PRICE GOUGING AGAINST
OIL COMPANIES WAS THE EXACT
LANGUAGE THE BIDEN
ADMINISTRATION USED DURING
THEIR ADMINISTRATION ANY TIME
PRICES WENT HIGHER AFTER RUSSIA
INVADED UKRAINE, AND THEN THEY
TAPPED THE STRATEGIC PETROLEUM
RESERVE, WHICH YOU USE THE
MIDTERM ELECTION RESERVE.
IT WAS THE EXACT SAME LANGUAGE
OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY THAT
NOW TRUMP IS USING. JONATHAN:
IT DIDN’T WORK WITH CONSUMERS
THEN.
YOU HAVE TO ASK WHETHER IT WILL
THIS TIME AROUND. LISA:
OIL PRICES ARE GOING DOWN.
ULTIMATELY THAT’S IT. ANNMARIE:
WHICH IS WHY I DON’T UNDERSTAND
WHY HE WANTS TO PICK A FIGHT
WITH THE OIL INDUSTRY NOW.
GASOLINE IS BELOW $4 A GALLON
GOING INTO PEAK DRIVING SEASON.
WE ARE ERASING THE OIL PRICE
SPIKE WE SAW WHEN THE CONFLICT
STARTED IN FEBRUARY.
SO I’M JUST CONFUSED, WHY THIS
MORNING?
I THINK IT WAS 12:30 A.M.
HE DECIDED TO PICK A FIGHT WITH
CHEVRON, EXXONMOBIL, MARATHON,
ETC. JONATHAN:
CRUDE THIS MORNING DOWN TO $71.
BRENT AT $75.
LET’S TALK ABOUT IT.
FACING PUSHBACK, SPACEX,
SELLING $BILLION OF BONDS,
PRICING AT A PREMIUM ABOVE
TREASURY, ROUGHLY HALF A
PERCENTAGE POINT WIDER THAN THE
AVERAGE SPREAD ON OTHER TRIPLE
B RATED DEBT. TO DISCUSS IS J.P.
MORGAN.
THAT’S THE GUT CHECK FOR
INVESTMENT GRADE DEBT.
HOW DO YOU THINK THINGS WENT IN
THE LAST 24 HOURS?
>> I THINK IT WAS ANOTHER
POSITIVE SIGNAL OF THE
AVAILABILITY OF CAPITAL.
IF YOU JUST TAKE A STEP BACK,
SO FAR THIS YEAR WE’VE SEEN SIX
TRANSACTIONS OF $25 BILLION OR
GREATER IN ALL OF 2025 THERE
WERE TWO.
SO THE SCALE OF THE CAPITAL
NEEDS CONTINUES TO GROW,
EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT.
WHAT WE’RE REALLY ENCOURAGED BY
IS THE MARKET IS AVAILABLE AND
UNDERSTANDS THAT AND IS
POSITIONING THEMSELVES ON THE
INVESTOR SIDE TO MAKE
INVESTMENT DECISIONS TO HELP
FINANCE THIS SECULAR TREND THAT
IS NOT GOING ANYWHERE. JONATHAN:
FOR OBJECT REASONS WE WON’T
SPEND TOO MUCH TIME ON THIS ONE
SINGLE ISSUE, BUT FURTHER OUT
ALONG THE CURVE, THE LONGER
DATED MATURITY, JUST HOW MUCH
WIDER THAT WAS TRADING VERSUS
OTHER TRIPLE B RATED PEERS.
WHAT’S THE TAKEAWAY FROM THAT?
DOUBTS ABOUT THE CREDIT RATING
AGENCIES?
HOW ARE YOU THINKING ABOUT THAT?
>> THE WAY WE’RE THINKING ABOUT
THE MARKET GENERALLY, AND
SPECIFICALLY TO YOUR QUESTION,
IF YOU TAKE A BIG STEP BACK,
AND THIS IS NO SURPRISE, BUT
CREDIT SPREADS ARE AT HISTORIC
TIGHTS. IN OUR VIEW, ACROSS THE
INVESTMENT GRADE CREDIT
SPECTRUM, THERE SHOULD BE
DIFFERENTIATION BASED ON DIRT
RATINGS AND CREDIT PROFILES.
SO ONE OF THE THINGS THAT I
TAKE GREAT COMFORT IN IS THE
FACT THAT INVESTORS ARE NOT
BLINDLY BUYING EVERYTHING,
RIGHT? YES, THERE’S A TREMENDOUS
AMOUNT OF CAPITAL BEING
DEPLOYED HERE, BUT INVESTORS
ARE TAKING THE TIME TO DO
CREDIT WORK, TO UNDERSTAND THE
STORIES, AND TO FIGURE OUT
RELATIVE VALUE AND PRICING.
TO ME IT’S A HEALTHY SIGN FOR
THE MARKET. LISA:
HOW NERVOUS ARE INVESTORS
GETTING ABOUT THE CONCENTRATION
RISK THAT’S DEVELOPING, GIVEN
SO MUCH OF THIS DEBT IS TIED TO
THE A.I. STORY?
>> IT’S SOMETHING WE’RE CLEARLY
WATCHING VERY CLOSELY.
WE’RE STILL AT A POINT WHERE
THERE’S A LOT OF CAPITAL
AVAILABLE AND INVESTORS ARE
FIGURING OUT HOW THEY WANT TO
PLAY.
AGAIN, AS I JUST SAID, THIS IS
ARGUABLY THE BIGGEST SECULAR
THEME IN ANY OF OUR
PROFESSIONAL LIFETIMES.
SO AS AN INVESTOR, YOU HAVE TO
BE A PART OF IT.
THE QUESTION IS HOW.
SO I DON’T THINK WE’RE AT A
POINT YET WHERE CONCENTRATION
LIMITS ARE A HUGE CONCERN, BUT
IT IS PART OF THE DIE NOTHING,
BECAUSE YOU’RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
AS A PORTION OF THE OVERALL
MARKET, IT IS GROWING AND
GROWING VERY QUICKLY. LISA:
THIS IS THE REASON WHY YOU’RE
LOOKING AT COMPANIES PICKING UP
THE COUCH CUSHIONS IN CANADA
AND JAPAN.
AT WHAT POINT IS THIS CAPITAL
COMING FROM OTHER BOND
PORTFOLIOS VERSUS NEW CAPITAL,
WHETHER IT BE CASH, EQUITIES,
PRIVATE EQUITY?
I MEAN, HOW MUCH ARE YOU SEEING
THAT UNLEASHED?
>> AS A DEBT PERSON, THE REALLY
EXCITING PART OF THE FOR ME HAS
BEEN THERE’S BEEN A LOT MORE
COINS IN THE COUCH CUSHIONS,
RIGHT? SO IF YOU LOOK ACROSS THE
GLOBAL MARKETS, WE’VE LED THE
BIGGEST CANADIAN DOLLAR DEAL
EVER DONE, THE BIGGEST EURO
DOLLAR, STERLING DEAL.
SO THESE OTHER GLOBAL MARKETS,
WHICH HAVE ALWAYS BEEN THERE,
HAVE GROWN IN RELEVANCE IN A
VERY MATERIAL WAY, SUCH AS THAT
THE AVAILABLE CAPITAL IS MUCH
LARGER, WHICH HELPS THE OVERALL
ECOSYSTEM IN TERMS OF HOW WE
FINANCE THESE MASSIVE CAP EX
NUMBERS. LISA:
WHAT’S MOST ATTRACTIVE IF
YOU’RE GOING TO DO ONE OF THESE
OFFERINGS OUTSIDE THE UNITED
STATES, OUT OF ALL OF THESE
COUNTRIES YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT?
>> IT IS A COMBINATION OF
DIVERSIFYING FUNDING SOURCES
AND DEMONSTRATING THAT AS AN
ISSUER, YOU WON’T BE SOLELY
RELIANT ON THE U.S.
CORPORATE BOND MARKET, WHICH
REMAINS THE LARGEST, DEEPEST,
MOST LIQUID BY A LOT.
IN CERTAIN CASES, THERE’S A
PRICING BENEFIT TO IT.
IN CERTAIN CASES, IT’S JUST
ESTABLISHING A NEW INVESTOR
BASE SO THAT IN THE FUTURE YOU
KNOW YOU CAN GO BACK THERE.
SO IT REALLY IS, AGAIN, HELPFUL
IN THE CONTEXT OF WE’RE STILL
IN THE EARLY OR MID INNINGS OF
THIS. LISA:
DOES IT WORRY YOU WHEN A
COMPANY THAT DOESN’T HAVE CASH
FLOWS REALLY COMPENSATE OVER
THE DEBT AND OVER THE EXPENSES
THAT THEY HAVE?
YES, I’M TALKING ABOUT SPACEX,
BUT THERE ARE A NUMBER THAT ARE
PROBABLY COMING TO MARKET.
I’M THINKING IF THIS IS A
MODEL, IT COULD BE SIMILAR.
HOW IMPORTANT IS IT FOR PEOPLE
TO SEE THE SHOW ME THE MONEY,
THE CASH FLOWS THAT CAN
CONTINUE IN PERPETUITY TO
OVERCOME SOME OF THE HUGE DEBT
PILES?
>> YEAH, IT’S GOING TO BE
INTERESTING TO SEE AS THE STORY
PLAYS OUT.
YOU’RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT THAT
THE CASH FLOW PROFILE OF MANY
OF THESE COMPANIES IS VERY
DIFFERENT FROM WHAT YOUR
AVERAGE INVESTMENT GRADE
INVESTOR IS USED TO SEEING.
THE REALITY IS OUR INVESTOR
BASE IS GETTING SO UP TO SPEED
ON ALL OF THESE STORIES IN AND
AROUND THE I.P.O.
THAT I THINK THEY’RE PREPARED
TO DEPLOY CAPITAL AS NEEDED
PRETTY QUICKLY.
AGAIN, IT WILL PLAY OUT OVER
TIME IN TERMS OF CASH FLOW
PROFILE OR WHAT THE CAP EX
CURVE LOOKS LIKE RELATIVE TO
SERVICING THE DEBT.
WE’RE NOT THERE YET. JONATHAN:
YOU’VE BEEN IN THE MARKET A
LONG TIME.
HOW WOULD YOU FRAME THIS MOMENT
HISTORICALLY?
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN ANYTHING
LIKE THIS?
>> NO.
THIS IS, AGAIN, TO ME, THIS IS
THE BIGGEST THEME WE’VE SEEN IN
A VERY LONG TIME.
WHAT’S PARTICULARLY EXCITING
FOR ME AS WELL IS THE LEVEL OF
CREATIVITY THAT IS REQUIRED TO
FINANCE ALL OF THIS.
IF YOU GO BACK ONE YEAR, THERE
WAS A VERY PREDOMINANT
NARRATIVE THAT THE HYPER
SCALERS WOULD FINANCE A LOT OF
THIS THROUGH CASH CASH FLOW.
FROM THERE TO DEBT AIRBOUND
AROUND THE WORLD, A LOT OF
ASSET LEVEL PROJECT FINANCING,
EQUITY ISSUANCE IN 12 MONTHS,
THAT’S AN ENABLE JOURNEY AS A
CAPITAL MARKET PERSON.
AND SO FOR US, THINKING ABOUT
HOW TO RAISE THIS CAPITAL IN
THE MOST EFFICIENT WAY REQUIRES
A LOT MORE CREATIVITY, A LOT
MORE PRODUCT.
IT’S NOT JUST IF YOUR CAPITAL
NEED LOOKS LIKE X, THEN GO TO
THIS MARKET. JONATHAN:
THEY’RE GETTING CREATIVE, AND I
WONDER IF THERE’S SOMETHING ON
YOUR DASHBOARD THAT WOULD
TRIGGER CONCERN.
I DON’T THINK WE’RE THERE YET
LISTENING TO YOU, BUT WHAT
WOULD COME OCCUPY YOUR
DASHBOARD THAT WOULD SAY THINGS
HAVE GONE TOO FAR?
WHEN WOULD THE RED LIGHT START
FLASHING?
>> THE RED LIGHTS WOULD START
FLASHING IF IT FELT LIKE THERE
WAS BLIND EUPHORIA.
AND AGAIN, IT DOES NOT FEEL
THAT WAY.
WHETHER IT’S UNDERLYING CREDIT
WORK OR IN PROJECT FINANCING
WHERE IT’S LOOKING AT THE
ACTUAL CONTRACT TERMS,
INVESTORS ARE DOING THE WORK
AND UNDERSTANDING WHAT’S
ACTUALLY HAPPENING HERE.
IF YOU MOVE IT AWAY FROM THE
A.I.
ECOSYSTEM THEME, WHAT WE’RE ALL
WATCHING IS, AND I SAID THIS AT
THE OUTSET, CREDIT SPREADS ARE
JUST HISTORICALLY TIGHT.
IF YOU BUY GENERIC INVESTMENT
GRADE BOND TODAY, 85% OF YOUR
COUPON IS A TREASURY YIELD.
SO EFFECTIVELY IT’S AN ENHANCED
TREASURY, RIGHT?
SO I THINK ABOUT WHAT THAT
MEANS IN A ROCKIER ECONOMIC
ENVIRONMENT. JONATHAN:
THE QUESTION WE’VE BEEN ASKING
IS WHY PEOPLE ARE SO MUCH MORE
COMFORTABLE TAKING THE CREDIT
RISK, WHEN THE ADDITIONAL FIELD
IS SO SMALL.
THEY SEEM TO BE MORE CONCERNED
ABOUT THE TREASURY THAN THEY
ARE THE CORPORATE CREDIT.
YOU THINK THE SAME THING?
>> YEAH, IT’S INTERESTING.
PART OF IT IS CORPORATE CREDIT
FUNDAMENTALS IN GENERAL REMAIN
VERY STRONG, SO THERE’S A
COMFORT LEVEL WITH THAT.
BUT THERE IS ALSO JUST A
TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF CAPITAL
THAT HAS TO BE DEPLOYED.
BUT I DO THINK, AGAIN, EVEN
WITHIN THE INVESTMENT GRADE
UNIVERSE, THERE IS
DIFFERENTIATION.
BUT YOU’RE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT, TO
ME THAT’S WHAT WE’RE WATCHING.
IT’S A HISTORICALLY TIGHT
SPREAD. JONATHAN:
JOHN, GOOD TO SEE YOU.
YOU’RE DOING THE WORK, AND IT’S
GREAT TO HEAR FROM YOU.
5% OF THE ALL-IN YIELD IS
COMING FROM THE TREASURY.
NOW, WE’VE TYPICALLY SAID THE
RISK-FREE COMPONENT.
HOW RISK-FREE THAT IS IS PART
OF THE DEBATE AT THE MOMENT.
LISA:
THIS IS WHY PEOPLE SAY, YOU
TALK ABOUT THE PEOPLE SAY WHEN
YOU START TALKING BUT ALL IN
YIELDS YOU TALK ABOUT THE
TREASURY YIELDS MORE THAN
ANYTHING SOUGHT WHAT POINT DOES
THAT BECOME AN ISSUE?
YOU START TO SEE SOME SPREAD
WIDENING. IT IS INTERESTING.
ALL THE IPOS KNOW THAT THERE
WILL BE A FOLLOW-ON DEBT
OFFERING. JONATHAN: INEVITABLE.
LISA:
AGNOSTIC PERCEPTION OF MARKETS.
YOU HAVE TO BECOME PEOPLE IN
EVERY ASPECT AND ANALYZING
EVERYTHING.
IT IS THE REASON WHY NOBODY IS
GETTING SLEEP. JONATHAN:
ANNMARIE INCLUDED.
THAT IS WHY SHE HAS BEEN FIRED
UP. LISA:
I HAVE BEEN WATCHING THE NEW
YORK KNICKS WHEN I SHOULD HAVE
BEEN SLEEPING. ANNMARIE:
I WENT TO GAME THREE AND GAME
FIVE. I DID NOT SEE ANY OF THEM.
JONATHAN:
LET'S GET YOU AN UPDATE ON
STORIES ELSEWHERE THIS MORNING
WITH YOUR BLOOMBERG BRIEF.
VONNIE: THANK YOU.
GOLDMAN SACHS EQUITY TRADERS
CONTRACTOR GENERATE RECORD
REVENUE, MORE THAN $5 BILLION
IN THE SECOND QUARTER.
SOURCES TELLING US AND HAS BEEN
BOLSTERED BY A BOOM IN ACTIVITY
IN ASIA.
GOLDMAN BENEFITED FROM THE
RECORD SPACEX IPO.
SON SAYS THE AI REVOLUTION IS
ONLY JUST BEGUN AND IS CALLING
A BUBBLE AND SAYING THAT
CALLING IT A BUBBLE IS AN
INSULT.
THE 60 EIGHT RD DELAYING HIS
RETIREMENT SAYING HE WILL BE ON
FOR ANOTHER DECADE.
SCOTT BESSENT EXPRESSING
CONFIDENCE IN THE NEWLY
INSTALLED FEDERAL RESERVE
CHAIRMAN KEVIN WARSH.
>> I AM CONFIDENT THE FED CHAIR
WILL OPTIMIZE THE PATH FOR BOTH
INFLATION AND ECONOMIC GROWTH.
THE PRESIDENT SAID AT CHAIR
WARSH'S SWEARING IN THAT HE
WOULD BE INDEPENDENT, THAT HE
SHOULD DO WHAT HE WANTS. VONNIE:
SCOTT BESSENT PREDICTING PRICES
WILL SLOW NOW THAT U.S.
AND IRANIAN NEGOTIATORS ARE
WORKING TO BRING AN END TO THE
WAR. JONATHAN: THANK YOU.
UP NEXT ON THE PROGRAM, WANING
AI OPTIMISM.
>> YOU HAVE TO HAVE A I
HYPERSCALERS AND OPENAI TO
BUILD REVENUES AND YOU NEED TO
BUILD PRODUCTIVITY IN THE
ECONOMY ENOUGH FOR THE CAPITAL
MARKETS TO OVERLOOK ALL THE
DESTRUCTION. JONATHAN:
UP NEXT, JAY GOLDBERG.
FROM NEW YORK CITY, YOU ARE
WATCHING BLOOMBERG TV. ♪
JONATHAN:
EQUITIES RIGHT NOW ON THE S&P
UP BY 0.3%. CHECK OUT CRUDE.
HEADLINES CROSSING THE
BLOOMBERG TERMINAL, $75 ON
BRENT CRUDE FOR THE FIRST TIME
SINCE THE WAR WITH IRAN BEGAN.
WE HAVE TAKEN OUT THE POSTWAR
RALLY ON CRUDE THIS MORNING.
LISA:
I THINK IT IS INCREDIBLE GIVEN
THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ RECENTLY
REOPENED AND GOES TO SHOW A LOT
OF WORK THAT WAS DONE DURING
THIS CONFLICT.
THERE WERE A LOT OF DOOMSDAY
ERS SAYING IT WOULD BE
CHALLENGING BUT NOW YOU ARE
BACK TO WHERE THE CONFLICT
STARTED. JONATHAN:
AND EVERYONE ELSE HAS MOVED ON
QUICKLY. A FOCUS ON TECH.
MACRON EARNINGS COMING AFTER
THE CLOSING BELL.
MANDEEP SINGH OF BLOOMBERG
INTELLIGENCE JOINS US NOW.
WELCOME IN.
WHAT ARE YOU FOCUSED ON LATER
THIS AFTERNOON? MANDEEP:
I MEAN, LOOK, PRICING IS WHAT
EVERYONE IS FOCUSING ON SIMPLY
BECAUSE WE HAVE SEEN THE DEMAND
REALLY TAKE OFF AND ALL OF
THESE COMPANIES HAVE BEEN SLOW
ADDING CAPACITY.
IN FACT, TALKING BY 35% TO 40%
QUARTER OVER QUARTER INCREASE
IN PRICING. ALSO FOR DRAM.
APPLE TALKING ABOUT RAISING
PRICES OF THEIR PHONE WAS
ANOTHER TESTAMENT TO HOW THE
SUPPLY AND DEMAND MISMATCH IS
PERCOLATING ACROSS THE BOARD
WHEN IT COMES TO CONSUMER
DEVICES. JONATHAN:
MASSIVE RACE TO RAISE CAPITAL.
WE HAVE BEEN TALKING ABOUT IT
THROUGHOUT THE WHOLE OF THE
MORNING.
WE SAW IT FROM SPACEX ON THE
DEBT SIDE.
THE ABILITY TO RAISE CAPITAL,
ARE YOU SEEING ANY PUSHBACK?
MANDEEP:
I THINK EVERYONE WENT IN WITH
THE ASSUMPTION THAT INPUT COSTS
WOULD COME DOWN ESPECIALLY
COMMODITIZED CHIPS AND THINGS
THAT HAVE BEEN A COMMODITY FOR
THE PAST TWO DECADES.
THAT HAS NOT SEEMED TO HAPPEN.
THAT IS WHERE SOME OF THE
ASSUMPTIONS ARE BEING TESTED.
WILLIE INPUT COSTS OF BASIC
CHIPS, WHETHER POWER CHIPS OR
MEMORY OR NETWORKING, BECAUSE
AI IS VERY DEMAND AND MEMORY
AND STORAGE, IT NEEDS A LOT OF
THAT.
WHEN WILL THE PRICE COME DOWN
FOR COMMODITIZED CHIPS?
THAT IS BEING TESTED.
IT FEELS LIKE IT WILL NOT
HAPPEN ANYTIME SOON BECAUSE AI
NEEDS 10 TO 100 TIMES MORE
MEMORY AND NETWORKING THAN IT
USED TO IN THE PAST. THAT IS
WHERE THE ASSUMPTIONS WENT
WRONG. JONATHAN:
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
HEADING INTO THESE NUMBERS A
LITTLE LATER.
THE SEMIS, THE CHIP TRADE IN
TROUBLE THE LAST 24 HOURS.
THE PHILADELPHIA SEMICONDUCTOR
INDEX DOWN BY 8%.
YET NAND AMONG THOSE LEADING
THE SELLOFF.
THE LOAN NVIDIA BET ON THE
STREET, 180 FOR THE PRICE
TARGET.
WELCOME BACK TO THE PROGRAM.
ARE YOU SEEING THE STORY AROUND
THIS BEGINNING TO SHIFT?
WHAT IS THE STORY BEHIND THAT
SHIFT?
>> I THINK WE ARE SEEING
REALITY CATCHING UP WITH
FUNDAMENTALS.
OVERALL, THIS YEAR SENTIMENT
HAS BEEN DRIVING EVERYTHING.
EVERYONE WANTS TO GET IN ON THE
AI TRADE.
THERE HAS BEEN RETAIL CHASING
FOR THE INCREDIBLE RUNS THE
STOCKS HAVE HAD.
I AM A BELIEVER THAT AI IS REAL.
IT IS NOT A BUBBLE EXACTLY.
THE TECHNOLOGY ITSELF IS VERY
POWERFUL AND WILL YIELD
BENEFITS FOR THE LONG-TERM.
IN THE NEAR TERM, I THINK WE
COULD SEE SOME CORRECTIONS JUST
BECAUSE THINGS HAVE GOTTEN SO
FAR AHEAD OF IT. LISA:
WHAT IS THE CATALYST FOR THAT?
JUST A PRICING PUSHBACK FOR THE
BUYERS, NAMELY THE HYPERSCALERS?
JAY:
I THINK WE WILL SEE A LOT OF
COMPANIES HAVE GOTTEN AHEAD OF
FUNDAMENTALS AND WE WILL SEE
THOSE CORRECT THIS EARNINGS
SEASON MORE THAN ANYTHING ELSE.
I LOOK AT SOME OF THE OPTICAL
NAMES.
WE ALL KNOW THERE IS A GIANT
BUILDOUT COMING FOR THE DATA
CENTER.
A HUGE INCREASE IN THE SIZE OF
THE MARKET.
ORDERS OF MAGNITUDE INCREASE.
THE PROBLEM IS IT IS NOT COMING
UNTIL 2028.
REALLY, THAT IS WHEN THE
BUILDOUT STARTS.
IN MY CAREER, I HAVE BEEN
DISAPPOINTED BY OPTICAL MANY
TIMES.
SO THE BUILD IS REAL BUT THE
TIMING IS GOING TO BE A LITTLE
BIT VARIABLE.
LITTLE IMPERFECTIONS LIKE THAT
WILL SPOOK INVESTORS AND CAUSE
SOME FORM OF RESET TO A
REASONABLE TRAJECTORY. LISA:
WE HAVE ALREADY SEEN THE PEAK
ACCELERATION IN EARNINGS GROWTH?
JAY:
I THINK THINGS WILL PATO A BIT
AND SOME NAMES NEXT PLATEAU A
BIT AND SOME NAMES WILL
RE-ACCELERATE LATER.
THAT IS THE PRIME CONCERN
AROUND NVIDIA.
THE QUESTIONS I GET FROM
INVESTORS MOST IS, WHAT WILL
THE RATE OF GROWTH AND DECLINE
BE NEXT YEAR? JONATHAN:
WITHOUT A DOUBT. JAY: YEAH.
SORRY, GO AHEAD. LISA:
THIS IS A KEY QUESTION AND PART
OF THE REASON WHY PEOPLE HAVE
ANXIETY. IT CANNOT GO FOREVER.
AT A CERTAIN POINT, WE ARE
REACHING PEAK SATURATION WERE
SUDDENLY PEOPLE ARE THINKING
ABOUT PRICING IN. JONATHAN:
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
JAY ON THE CHIP PLAYERS HEADING
INTO MICRON LATER AFTER THE
CLOSING BELL. PRICE SENSITIVITY.
PUSHBACK THERE AND EVERYWHERE
FURTHER DOWNSTREAM AWAY FROM
THESE PLAYERS. LISA:
IF YOU TAKE A LOOK AT THE TOKEN
PRICES AND HOW IT HAS GONE DOWN
INTENDED WITH MICROSOFT AND
META, AND HIGHLIGHT HOW PEOPLE
ARE RATIONALIZING THE USE OF
SOME OF THESE AI TOOLS.
AT THE SAME TIME, PEOPLE SAID
THIS HAS TO HAPPEN.
IT WILL BE DEMOCRATIZED AND
EVERYBODY WILL BE USING IT, SO
THESE ARE UNCERTAINTIES TO HASH
OUT, THE RATE OF CHANGE IN
WEATHER WE HAVE SEEN THE PEAK
OF THAT. JONATHAN:
HOW CLOSE ARE WE SEEING
PULLBACK ON CAPEX, DECELERATION
SO TO SPEAK? LISA:
THIS IS WHY PEOPLE WERE SEEING
SOME OF THE LAYOFFS, THE LIKES
THAT WE HAD SEEN FOR SOME OF
THESE COMPANIES.
MAYBE HEADCOUNT IN FAVOR OF
CAPEX. JONATHAN: INTERESTING.
THAT IS THE STORY WE DO NOT
WANT ON THE LABOR MARKET SIDE.
COMING UP, JOSEPH, GIL,
FRANCIS, DARRELL.
THE THIRD HOUR
OF "BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE" UP NEXT.
♪
>> IN TWO MONTHS, WE’VE SEEN A
HISTORIC MELTDOWN.
>> WE STILL BELIEVE THAT MOST
OF WHAT’S POWERING THE MARKET
IS GOING TO BE EARNINGS.
>> IT’S KIND OF THE OPPOSITE OF
A BUBBLE.
>> THE SPECK SPACE IS LOOKING
VERY, VERY GOOD.
THE ISSUE IS SENTIMENT.
>> VOLATILITY WORKS BOTH TO THE
UPSIDE AND DOWNSIDE.
>> THIS IS "BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE"
WITH JONATHAN FERRO, LISA
ABRAMOWICZ AND ANNMARIE HORDERN.
JONATHAN:
LIVE FROM NEW YORK CITY THIS
MORNING, GOOD MORNING, GOOD
MORNING.
FOR OUR AUDIENCE WORLDWIDE, THE
THIRD HOUR OF "BLOOMBERG
SURVEILLANCE" STARTS RIGHT NOW.
YOUR PRICE ACTION LOOKS LIKE
THIS.
FUTURES BOUNCING BACK ON THE
S&P. ON THE NASDAQ, UP BY .6%.
ON THE RUSSELL THIS MORNING, UP
BY .4.
LATER ON, EARNINGS FROM MICRON,
THE MIGHT HAVE BEEN THE FOR
THIS EQUITY MARKET AFTER THE
CLOSING BELL.
THE MAIN EVENT RIGHT NOW, JUST
CHECK OUT CRUDE.
OIL DROPPING BELOW $75 A BARREL
ON BRENT, WIPING OUT THE
POST-WAR RALLY OF THE LAST FEW
MONTHS.
>> YEAH, A COUPLE OF THINGS
HERE, FIRST OF ALL, TANKERS ARE
GETTING THROUGH THE STRAIT OF
HORMUZ AND PEOPLE ARE WATCHING
THE TANKERS, NOT THE RHETORIC
AS MUCH, AND THEY’RE SEEING
SOMETHING THEY LIKE.
I WANT TO BRING BACK SOMETHING
GOLDMAN SACHS SAID.
I THOUGHT IT WAS A REALLY
IMPORTANT POINT. THEY HAD SEEN A
DISPROPORTIONATE AMOUNT OF
DEMAND DESTRUCTION COMING FROM
IN PARTICULAR CHINA, BUT ALSO
IN EUROPE, WHERE PEOPLE ARE
BUYING ELECTRIC VEHICLES.
THE DEMAND DISRUPTION IS
STRUCTURAL AND IS GOING TO
PERSIST. THAT IS UNDERPINNING
BULLISH CALLS, NOT JUST IN THE
NEAR TERM, BUT ALSO SIX, 12
MONTHS OUT. ANNMARIE:
EVEN IF YOU WERE GOING TO LOOK
AT THE LET AND NOT BARRELS, NOT
JUST NORMAL BARRELS THAT HAVE
BEEN STUCK, THE ONES STUCK THAT
ARE I BELIEVE ABLE TO TRAVERSE
THE STRAIT, BUT THIS
ADMINISTRATION ALLOWING IRANIAN
CRUDE TO SELL ON THE OPEN
MARKET AT MARKET PRICES, THE
RHETORIC COMING FROM THIS
ADMINISTRATION AS WELL TALKING
ABOUT THE FACT THIS PRESIDENT
SAYING THERE ARE NO TOLLS, THEY
SUPPORT WHAT’S GOING ON IN THE
STRAIT OF HORMUZ.
THAT ALSO SIGNALS THEY WANT TO
SEE THIS CONTINUING, BECAUSE
THE PRESIDENT ALSO EARLIER THIS
MONTH, ANNOYED WITH THE OIL
COMPANIES, BECAUSE HE WANTS TO
SEE WHAT WE’RE SEEING ON OUR
SCREENS AND OIL QUICKLY MOVE TO
THE GASOLINE MARKET. JONATHAN:
MIGHT BE ANNOYED WITH THE
FEDERAL RESERVE LATER THIS YEAR.
LET’S COMPARE TWO THINGS.
CHECK OUT CRUDE RIGHT NOW,
RIGHT BELOW 75.
BRENT AT THE END OF FEBRUARY
WAS TRADING IN THE LOW 70’S.
BIG RALLY, BIG USERS ALL THE
WAY BACK TO WHERE WE WERE, GOT
IT. TURN TO THE BOND MARKET.
TWO-YEAR AT THE END OF FEBRUARY
WAS TRADING AT .0337.
TWO-YEAR IS TRADING AT 4.1826.
WE’VE HAD A MASSIVE REPRICING
THAT HAS NOT DONE A U-TURN IN
THE SAME WAY CRUDE HAS.
IT’S MORE THAN JUST ABOUT OIL.
AND THIS IS GOING TO BE A
PROBLEM FOR THIS INSTITUTION,
THIS WHITE HOUSE, WHO’S LOOKING
NOT JUST FOR LOWER PRICES, BUT
ALSO LOOKING FOR LOWER RATES,
BECAUSE THAT’S NOT THE DEBATE
IN THE BOND MARKET. LISA:
IT’S COMING IN WITH AN
INCREASE, PEOPLE ARE LOOKING AT
SOME OF THE HOTTEST COMPONENTS
OF THAT, STEMMING FROM THE A.I.
TRADE, SOME OF THE COMPONENTS
PEOPLE ARE BUYING THAT ARE
FEEDING INTO THAT.
AT WHAT POINT IS THIS MARKET
ENDORSING THE IDEA OF RATE
HIKES?
I SAY THAT BECAUSE YOU ARE
SEEING THE LONG END OF THE
YIELD CURVE COMING IN.
YOU’RE SEEING RISK ASSETS
HAVING WOBBLES, CONCERNS,
PARTICULARLY SOME OF THE
HIGH-FLYING NAMES.
NONETHELESS, NOT EXACTLY A
WHOLESALE REBUKE OF WHAT WE
HEARD FROM THE FEDERAL RESERVE.
JONATHAN:
THIS MORNING, 10’S DOWN BY
THREE. TWO-YEAR AT 4.18.
COMING UP THIS HOUR,
THE NEXT BIG TEST FOR CHIP
STOCKS, AND WE BEGIN THIS HOUR
WITH STOCKS BOUNCING BACK
FOLLOWING A SELLOFF HEADING
INTO EARNINGS FROM MICRON.
MARKETS ARE PRICED IN RELIEF,
THEY HAVE NOT YET PRICED IN THE
COMPLEXITY OF WHAT COMES NEXT.
JOE COMES US.
LET’S GET TO WHAT COMES NEXT.
TRILLION DOLLAR QUESTION, WHAT
COMES NEXT? JOE:
WELL, IN A WHOLE RANGE OF WAYS,
I THINK YOU’VE GOT THE IRAN-U.S.
SITUATION, WHICH I THINK IS
FRAGILE CEASE-FIRE RIGHT NOW.
I THINK PEOPLE PUT IT IN THE
REARVIEW MIRROR AND HAVE MOVED
ON. YOU COMMENTED ON OIL PRICES,
HOW SIGNIFICANTLY THEY MOVED
DOWN.
SO IN THE SHORT TERM, THAT’S
GOOD.
I THINK WE GOT TO WATCH THAT,
BECAUSE THERE’S STILL A LONG
WAY TO GO BEFORE A DURABLE
AGREEMENT IS REACHED ON THAT.
AWAY FROM THAT, THE ECONOMY IS
CHUGGING ALONG IN A PRETTY GOOD
CLIP, AND WE’RE CERTAINLY
SEEING THE CONTINUED INVESTMENT.
WE’RE IN THE MIDST OF A CAP EX
SUPERCYCLE, WHICH IS MASSIVE
AND THAT’S GOING TO CONTINUE
FOR A WHILE. JONATHAN:
OIL IS DOWN NOW, UP, BACK DOWN.
YIELDS HAVE GONE THIS, GONE UP,
NOT COME BACK DOWN.
THEY’VE HUNG OUT UP THERE.
WHAT GIVES? JOE:
I THINK THAT’S AN INDICATION OF
STRENGTH IN THE ECONOMY.
AND CERTAINLY A SENSE THAT THE
FED IS A BIT MORE HAWKISH THAN
MIGHT HAVE BEEN EXPECTED WITH
CHAIR WARSH’S COMMENTS LAST
WEEK.
SO RIGHT NOW, IF YOU LOOK AT
THE RANGE OF ECONOMISTS,
THERE’S A BUNCH THINKING
THERE’S GOING TO BE CUTS.
THERE’S GOING TO BE HIKES.
AND THERE’S SOME THAT ARE LIKE
WE ARE, YOU’RE GOING TO SEE
RATES REASONABLY STABLE FROM
THE FED FUNDS STANDPOINT OVER
THE COURSE OF INTO 2027. LISA:
HOW MUCH DOES THAT IMPACT THE
CAP EX STORY TIED TO A.I.? JOE:
WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE COMPANIES
SPENDING ALL THIS MONEY ON CAP
EX, THEIR MARGINS ARE SO
MASSIVE, A MODEST INCREASE,
WHETHER YOU’RE DOING FINANCING
AT INVESTMENT GRADE RATES AT
150 BASIS POINTS OR 200 OR 125,
DOESN’T REALLY MATTER THAT MUCH
IN THE SCHEME OF THINGS.
SO I THINK THERE’S A BIGGER
ISSUE DRIVING THAT BUILDOUT AND
THE MARGINAL COST OF FINANCING
I DON’T THINK IS GOING TO SLOW
THAT DOWN. LISA:
WHY NOT INVEST IN THE EQUITY OF
SOME OF THESE A.I.
NAMES AND THEN TREASURIES?
ULTIMATELY YOU’RE GOING TO GET
THE UPSIDE THEN FROM EQUITIES,
BUT YOU HAVE THE BALANCE OF THE
INCOME FROM THE TREASURIES.
YOU’RE NOT TAKING THE CREDIT
RISK THAT COMES IF, SAY, WE
DON’T GET TOMORROW’S BY 2066?
JOE: THERE’S A WHOLE SPECTRUM OF
RISK AND RETURN YOU CAN INVEST
IN IN DIFFERENT STRATEGIES.
JONATHAN:
WHAT IF YOU WANT TO BUY SPACEX?
[LAUGHTER] LISA: NO, NO.
JONATHAN:
THE POINT IS WIDE, ENOUGH
COMPENSATION. LISA: WELL, IS IT?
JOE: THE MARKET IS PRETTY SMART,
RIGHT?
SUPPLY, DEMAND, FINANCINGS, IT
WAS AN INTERESTING FINANCING,
THE AMOUNT OF CAPITAL THAT WAS
RAISED.
I THINK THE BROADER PICTURE IS
THERE ISN’T A MASSIVE AMOUNT OF
CAPITAL THAT’S GOING TO BE
NEEDED OVER THE COURSE OF THE
NEXT NUMBER OF YEARS.
YOU THINK ABOUT THE HYPER
SCALERS THAT ARE A TRILLION
DOLLAR PLUS GOING OUT.
YOU’VE GOT DEFENSE BUILDOUT IN
EUROPE.
THERE’S LOTS OF CAPITAL DEMAND.
SO I THINK THAT’S ALSO PROBABLY
KEEPING RATES A BIT HIGHER.
JONATHAN:
I REMEMBER SOME DEBT THAT WAS
ISSUED EIGHT YEARS AGO,
REMEMBER THAT DEBT THAT WAS
ISSUED?
THIS IS SO TIGHT, IT’S CRAZY.
LOOK AT TESLA AND HOW THINGS
TURNED OUT. LISA:
I’VE BEEN SKEPTICAL WITH TESLA,
WITH NETFLIX. I’VE BEEN WRONG.
I’VE BEEN COMPLETELY WRONG.
THESE DAYS HAVE TOTALLY
PERFORMED WELL.
I GUESS AT WHAT POINT DO PEOPLE
START TO GET NERVOUS WHEN THE
DEMAND TO BORROW IS
OUTSTRIPPING A LOT OF PEOPLE’S
APPETITE?
AND WHEN THERE’S SO MUCH
COMPETITION, YOU START TO
WONDER WHEN PEOPLE GET NERVOUS
ABOUT THAT.
RIGHT NOW IT’S EVIDENTLY JUST
ME. JONATHAN:
THE QUESTION YOU’RE ASKING IS
ONE.
RIGHT NOW WE HAVE A RACE FOR
CAPITAL. WHEN DOES IT BECOME FOR
COMPETITION FOR CAPITAL?
ARE YOU SEEING SIGNS OF THAT
SHOWING UP BETWEEN TREASURIES
AND FIXED INCOME AND CREDIT?
ARE WE AT THAT MOMENT? JOE:
I THINK WE’RE GOING TO BE AT
THAT MOMENT OVER THE COURSE OF
THE NEXT COUPLE OF YEARS AS
THIS CAP EX BUILDOUT CONTINUES
TO DRIVE FORWARD.
THERE IS A LOT OF LIQUIDITY IN
THE SYSTEM FOR SURE.
I THINK THAT RIGHT NOW IS
KEEPING THE BOND MARKET
REASONABLY STABLE, AS MUCH AS
THE SHORT END HAS REPRICED.
LONG END HAS BEEN SURPRISINGLY
STABLE IN THE SCHEME OF THINGS.
SO, YOU KNOW, I THINK RIGHT
NOW, THE MARKETS ARE RECEPTIVE
TO THAT CAPITAL RAISING.
THESE ARE COMPANIES THAT HAVE
INCREDIBLE BUSINESS MODELS,
UNIQUE BUSINESS MODELS.
BUT, YOU KNOW, THAT DOESN’T
CONTINUE FOREVER. LISA:
IN THIS KIND OF ENVIRONMENT,
HOW DO YOU SEE INFLATION
EASING, EVEN IF WE ARE SEEING A
SIGNIFICANT DROP IN OIL PRICES?
JOE:
YOU’VE GOT A FEW THINGS GOING
ON. OUR SENSE IS WE’VE SEEN PEAK
INFLATION THAT IS GOING TO
GRIND LOWER INTO 2027.
WE THROW IN A LOT OF THINGS
THAT THIS INFLATION CALCULATION
RATE.
WE’VE SEEN TARIFF, HIGHER OIL
PRICES.
I THINK THAT’S GOING TO PUSH
INFLATION BACK DOWN CLOSER TO
THE FED TARGET.
BUT IT’S A LONGER ROAD THAN
WHAT WE MIGHT HAVE ASSUMED
GOING BACK 18 MONTHS AGO.
JONATHAN:
WHAT’S YOUR READ ON THE WARSH
FED?
CHANGE IN STYLE OR CHANGE IN
SUBSTANCE? JOE:
I THINK IT’S AN IMPORTANT
PHILOSOPHICAL SHIFT, AND I
THINK CHAIR WARSH IS THE RIGHT
PERSON FOR THE JOB.
I THINK HE IS GOING TO BE MORE
FORWARD THINKING.
I TERMED IT MORE FORWARD
THINKING THAN FORWARD GUIDANCE.
SO LOOKING MORE OUT THE FRONT
OF THE WINDSHIELD, NOT JUST IN
THE REARVIEW MIRROR ABOUT WHAT
THE DATA IS SHOWING AND BEING
MORE RESPONSIVE TO WHAT’S GOING
ON IN MARKETS.
IF WE THINK BACK TO ALAN
GREENSPAN, REST IN PEACE, HE
NEVER HAD A PRESS CONFERENCE.
HE WAS FED CHAIR FOR 20 YEARS,
NEVER HAD A PRESS CONFERENCE,
RIGHT?
THERE WAS NO GUARD GUIDANCE.
THE FED CAN FUNCTION WITHOUT
FORWARD GUIDANCE.
I THINK YOU WANT TO GET INTO A
DYNAMIC WHERE THE MARKETS ARE
NOT RESPONDING TO WHAT THEY
THINK THE FED MAY DO, BUT MORE
CREATIVE TO WHAT IS GOING ON IN
THE REAL ECONOMY.
I THINK THAT’S WHAT CHAIR WARSH
IS GOING TO PUSH. JONATHAN:
CAN YOU ACHIEVE THAT WITHOUT
SUBSTANTIAL RELATIVELY IN
BETWEEN?
TOOTHPASTE BACK IN TUBE IS
SOMETHING PEOPLE ARE TALKING
ABOUT. JOE:
LOOK, EVERY NEW FED CHAIR IS
TESTED IN SOME WAY OR ANOTHER.
WE CAN GO BACK OVER MANY
TRANSITIONS IN THE CONTEXT OF
THE MARKET ENVIRONMENTS.
BUT WE HAVE, IN CHAIR WARSH, A
VERY EXPERIENCED FED EXECUTIVE,
RIGHT?
HE WAS IN THE MIDST OF THE
BIGGEST CRISIS WE’VE HAD IN
MARKETS IN A LONG, LONG TIME
GOING BACK TO J.F.C.
SO WE HAVE A LOT OF CONFIDENCE.
THE MARKET HAS A LOT OF
CONFIDENCE IN HIM TO MANAGE
THAT PROCESS.
I THINK WE’RE WATCHING THE
BALANCE SHEET.
THE BALANCE SHEET IS AN
IMPORTANT ELEMENT.
HE’S MADE CLEAR THE BALANCE
SHEET HAS GOTTEN TOO BIG.
THE PROCESS OF RATIONALIZING
THAT I THINK IS GOING TO TAKE A
WHILE, BUT I THINK THERE’S A
PATHWAY THERE THAT’S IMPORTANT
FOR THE MARKET TO APPRECIATE.
LISA: YOU BUYING THE DIPS?
WHEN PEOPLE GET VOLATILITY
HERE, ARE YOU BUYING THE DIP OR
THINKING THAT ULTIMATELY WE’RE
HEADING INTO A MORE VOLATILE
PERIOD? JOE:
WE’VE SEEN AN INTERESTING LAST
COUPLE OF DAYS IN SEGMENTS OF
THE TECHNOLOGY MARKET,
PARTICULARLY MEMORY SPACE AND
THE SEMICONDUCTOR SPACE, WHERE
YOU HAD A LOT OF FROTH.
YOU HAVE A LOT OF PILING ON, A
LOT OF LEVERAGE IN THAT SYSTEM.
THAT RATIONALIZATION OF PRICES
I THINK IS A BIT OVERDUE.
WE’LL SEE HOW MARKETS RESPOND
TO MICRON’S EARNINGS THIS
AFTERNOON, BUT, YOU KNOW, WE’VE
BEEN ON THIS BROADENING OUT
THEME FOR A LONG TIME, WHICH IS
AS THE ECONOMY BROADENS OUT IN
THIS ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT, TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF THAT.
AS COMPANIES ADOPT THIS A.I.
TECHNOLOGY AWAY FROM THE
ENABLING COMPANIES, THAT’S
WHERE THE OPPORTUNITIES ARE
GOING TO BE, NOT JUST IN THOSE
COMPANIES PRODUCING CHIPS OR
MEMORY OR THINGS THAT ARE
DIRECTLY RELATED TO THE A.I.
BUILDOUT. JONATHAN:
1.8% SELLOFF IN THE LAST TWO
DAYS ON THE S&P, THAT DIP? LISA:
THERE’S A BIG DEEP UNDERNEATH
THERE. I’VE BEEN A SKEPTIC ABOUT
EVERYTHING.
BUT LAST NIGHT, SO YESTERDAY MY
SON GRADUATED FROM HIGH SCHOOL,
AND THERE WAS A SPEECH.
JONATHAN: CONGRATS TO HIM. LISA:
THANK YOU, ABOUT SOMEONE GAVE
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU
WANT TO GET GRADES, WHEN YOU
WANT TO GET TO COLLEGE, THEN
WHEN YOU WANT TO GET INTO A
CERTAIN CAREER.
BUT YOU DON’T KNOW HOW TO TAKE
RISK. TAKING RISK IS INCREDIBLY
IMPORTANT.
ULTIMATELY UNDERSTANDING HOW TO
TAKE THOSE RISKS IS KEY.
AND I WAS THINKING, I WAS
REALLY LISTENING. JONATHAN:
THIS IS TERRIFYING, AGAIN, ARE
YOU GETTING BULLISH? LISA:
NO, I’VE ALREADY GOTTEN ENOUGH
HATE MAIL FOR THAT ONE, BUT IT
WAS REALLY REFRESHING, IT’S
IMPORTANT.
IT’S EXCITING AND ENCOURAGING.
JONATHAN:
CONGRATS TO HIM, BY THE WAY.
I’VE KNOWN HIM A NUMBER OF
YEARS, AND HE WAS READY TO
GRADUATE 10 YEARS AGO. LISA:
WELL, I DON’T KNOW ABOUT THAT,
BUT IT WAS REALLY INTERESTING
TO HEAR THE WORDS. JONATHAN:
BEST OF LUCK TO HIM AND
EVERYBODY ELSE.
JOE, THANK YOU, GOOD TO SEE
YOU, BUDDY.
LET’S GET AN UPDATE ON STORIES
WORLDWIDE THIS MORNING WITH
YOUR BLOOMBERG BRIEF. VONNIE:
JOHN, THANK YOU.
PRESIDENT TRUMP ORDERING THE
D.O.J. TO LOOK INTO GAS PRICES.
THE PRESIDENT POSTING ON TRUTH
SOCIAL THE BIG OIL COMPANIES
ARE NOT DROPPING THEIR PRICE AT
THE PUMP COMMENSURATE WITH A
SHARPLY LOWER PRICES THEY’RE
PAYING FOR OIL.
THOSE PRICES ARE DROPPING LIKE
A ROCK.
IN OTHER WORDS, CUSTOMERS ARE
GETTING GOUGED.
META IS DEVELOPING A PREDICTION
MARKETS APP CALLED ARENA.
THE "NEW YORK TIMES"
IS REPORTING THE APP WOULD PUT
META IN DIRECT COMPETITION WITH
POLYMARKET AND KALSHI.
USERS WOULDN’T WAGER MONEY.
INSTEAD THEY’D RELY ON A VIDEO
GAME-LIKE POINTS SYSTEM.
AMAZON PRIME DAY SALES OFF TO A
SLOW START, ACCORDING TO A
SURVEY BY MARKET RESEARCH FIRM
NEW RATER.
THE AVERAGE HOUSEHOLD SPENT
ABOUT $89 AS OF YESTERDAY
AFTERNOON, DOWN ABOUT 16% FROM
THE SAME TIME DURING LAST
YEAR’S EVENT.
AND THAT IS YOUR BLOOMBERG
BRIEF. JONATHAN:
VONNIE, THANK YOU.
UP NEXT, THE MORNING CALL.
MICRON EARNINGS ON DECK IN THE
NEXT TEST FOR CHIP STOCKS.
FROM NEW YORK CITY THIS
MORNING, GOOD MORNING. ♪
>> MICRON, SUCH AN IMPORTANT
QUARTER RELATIVE TO WHAT WE
HAVE SEEN IN TERMS OF DEMAND.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN FOR NVIDIA,
HYPERSCALERS?
DEMAND SUPPLY CAUGHT 12, 15 TO
ONE.
SHIP TRADE IS WHAT YOU CONTINUE
TO OWN.
YOU WILL SEE SOME PUSH AGAINST
PRICE, BUT IT IS OUR VIEW OVER
TIME PRICE COMES DOWN. JONATHAN:
YOU ARE SEEING THAT PUSH RIGHT
NOW. STILL BULLISH OF COURSE BUT
RAISING CONCERNS ABOUT THE AI
NARRATIVE.
EQUITY FUTURES AT THE MOMENT
BOUNCING BACK BY A THIRD OF 1%
ON THE S&P 500.
THE NASDAQ HIGHER BY 0.6%.
YOUR TWO YEAR YIELD THIS
MORNING DOWN TWO BASIS POINTS.
LONGER END OF THE CURVE COMING
DOWN.
DOWN TO 4.90 ON 30'S.
CRUDE DOWN BY CLOSE TO 3% THIS
MORNING. BRENT, A BREAK OF $75.
LISA:
YOU ARE SEEING THAT IN TERMS OF
DIESEL COMING BELOW FIVE
DOLLARS A GALLON FOR THE FIRST
TIME SINCE THE WAR STARTED.
AT WHAT POINT IS THIS
ACCELERATING ENOUGH TO GIVE A
FURTHER BOOST TO THE ECONOMY
VERSUS DISINFLATION?
ARE WE SEEING THE PEAK IN THE
RATE OF CHANGE OF INFLATION OR
ARE THERE OTHER COMPONENTS NOW
TAKING THE CHARGE? ANNMARIE:
THIS IS INCREDIBLE THAT WE ARE
WIPING AWAY THE HIGHS WE SAW IN
THE SIGNIFICANT INCREASE IN OIL
PRICES AND ENERGY PRICES AHEAD
OF PEAK DRIVING SEASON AND
TROUBLE SEASON IN THE U.S.
AND AROUND THE WORLD.
YOU CAN THINK CHINA FOR THAT,
THE JAWBONING OF THIS
ADMINISTRATION FOR THAT.
COUNTRIES LIKE THE UAE WERE
ABLE TO GET SOME PRODUCT OUT
PROBABLY WITH THE HELP OF
CENTRAL COMMAND.
THERE WAS A LOT MORE OIL
FLOWING THAN REALIZED DURING
THE CRISIS. JONATHAN:
THINGS CAN CHANGE ADMITTEDLY
COME ABOUT THE BULLS HAVE THIS
VIEW THAT WE WOULD HAVE A
POSTWAR PREMIUM IN THE CRUDE
PRICE.
MAYBE IT IS BUILT IN OVERTIME.
LET'S GET YOU SOME MORNING
CALLS.
FIRST OF ALL, PRICE LOWERED ON
FEDEX AFTER SPINNING OFF THE
FREIGHT DIVISION.
MORGAN STANLEY RAISING THE
PRICE TARGET ON CEREBRAS SAYING
IT HAD A STRONG FIRST QUARTER
AFTER THE IPO.
FINALLY, UBS BOOSTING THE PRICE
TARGET ON AMD SAYING THE
OUTLOOK IS BECOMING MORE
POSITIVE FOR AGENTIC AI USE
CASES. THE STOCK IS UP 1.4%.
MICRON TRADING HIGHER IN THE
PREMARKET.
THE STOCK IS UP CLOSE TO 5%.
GIL LURIA HAS A BUY RATING OF
500 ON THE SHARES, WRITING
THAT MICRON SHOULD BE ABLE TO
EXCEED CONSENSUS ESTIMATES
EASILY CONSIDERING THE DEMAND
FOR MEMORY.
HE JOINS US NOW FOR MORE.
WELCOME. UP BY MORE THAN 250%.
TYPICALLY AFTER A MOVE LIKE
THAT I WOULD NOT ASK A QUESTION
LIKE THIS BUT GIVEN THAT THE
STOCK IS STILL CHEAP. GIL:
VERY MUCH SO.
TO PUT IT IN PERSPECTIVE, THREE
YEARS AGO MICRON GENERATED ONE
DOLLAR OF EARNINGS-PER-SHARE.
BY NEXT QUARTER, THEY WILL
PROBABLY BE IN 00
EARNINGS-PER-SHARE ROUGHLY.
THE SIMPLE REASON IS MEMORY IS
NOT WHAT IT USED TO BE.
THE IMPORTANCE OF MEMORY IN AI
IS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT THAN
WHAT IT WAS BEFORE AI.
BEFORE AI, MEMORY WAS JUST
STORAGE, A COMMODITY COMPONENT
SOLD ON AN INVOICE BY INVOICE
BASIS.
NOW, MEMORY IS AN IMPORTANT
PART OF HOW AI MODELS ARE
DELIVERED.
THE GPU NEEDS MEMORY AT ALL
LEVELS IN ORDER TO DELIVER THE
AI RESULTS THAT WE ARE ASKING
IT TO DO, WHICH IS WHY THERE IS
SUCH A SHORTAGE.
THERE IS REALLY ONLY THREE
COMPANIES THAT MAKE THE
HIGH-END MEMORY, MICRON, SK
HYNIX, AND SAMSUNG.
IT TAKES THEM A LONG TIME TO
BRING CAPACITY ON BOARD, SO AS
MICRON APPROACHES 00 OF
EARNINGS-PER-SHARE AND THE
SHARES ARE STILL TRADING AT 11
TIMES THAT NUMBER, THAT IS NOT
VERY EXPENSIVE. LISA:
THE NERVOUSNESS COMES AFTER
269% GAIN SO FAR THIS YEAR.
AS PEOPLE TAKE A LOOK AT HOW
QUICKLY THINGS HAVE RISEN AND
THE FACT THAT YOU CANNOT SEE
THIS PACE OF GROWTH FOREVER,
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR TO
DISPROVE THE SKEPTICS THAT THIS
PACE OF GROWTH IS NOT JUST
ENDING BUT STILL ACCELERATING?
GIL:
THEY DON'T NEED TO GROW THIS
PAST. THEY DON'T NEED TO GROW
100 TIMES OVER THREE YEARS
ANYMORE.
11 TIMES EARNINGS IS A VERY
UNDEMANDING VALUATION.
AS LONG AS THEY CAN KEEP THIS
EARNINGS POWER, THEY CAN
JUSTIFY THIS VALUATION.
THERE IS AS MUCH REASON TO
BELIEVE THEY CAN ACTUALLY
INCREASE THE EARNINGS POWER
FROM 00 BECAUSE THE DEMAND
FOR MEMORY CONTINUES TO
OUTSTRIP SUPPLY BY A
SIGNIFICANT MARGIN.
AND THAT IS NOT GOING TO CHANGE
FOR AT LEAST THE NEXT YEAR OR
TWO.
SO THERE IS REASON TO BELIEVE
THEY CAN CONTINUE TO GROW FROM
00.
THEY DON'T NEED TO GROW THEM
VERY FAST AS LONG AS THEY ARE
GROWING EARNINGS OVER TIME,
OVER THE CYCLE FROM THE CURRENT
RATE.
THEY CAN JUSTIFY A MULTIPLE
THAT IS TWICE AS HIGH.
LISA:
HOW DO YOU UNDERSTAND THE STORY
COMING OUT OF SOUTH KOREA WITH
SDI NEXT , MOVING IN FAVOR OF
ACCELERATING THEIR DRAM, WHICH
IS USED IN PRE-MUCH ALL
CONSUMER PRODUCTS? GIL:
I THINK THE RIGHT WAY TO
UNDERSTAND THAT IS THEY BENEFIT
FROM THEIR BEING A LOT OF
SUPPLY AT THE HIGH-END.
THEY UNDERSTAND THE HIGH-END,
THEY ARE WITH MICRON AND
SAMSUNG, SO SCARCITY HELPS THEM
RAISE PRICES.
ON THE OTHER HAND, THEY HAVE
THE THREAT OF THE CHINESE
COMING IN AND PROVIDING MEMORY
FOR HANDSETS AND PCS.
THEY DO NOT WANT THAT TO HAPPEN
BECAUSE THEY KNOW IT IS STILL A
CYCLE AND WHEN THIS CYCLE
TURNS, THEY STILL WANT TO HAVE
THE BIGGEST PRESENCE IN THE
LOW-END MARKET.
THEY DON'T WANT TO CEDE THAT TO
THE CHINESE WHICH IS WHY THEY
WANT TO MAKE SURE HANDSET
MAKERS AND PC MAKERS STILL HAVE
ACCESS TO THEIR CHIPS.
THAT IS WHY THEY NEED TO
INCREASE SUPPLY.
THIS IS NOT AN INDICATION OF
WEAKNESS OF DEMAND FOR MEMORY
HIGH-END. NOT AT ALL.
IT IS AN INDICATION OF THEM
STRATEGICALLY TRYING TO KEEP
CHINESE MANUFACTURERS OUT OF
THIS MARKET EVEN WHILE THERE IS
SCARCITY.
BECAUSE THEY KNOW AT SOME POINT
THEY WANT TO GO BACK TO THAT
MARKET. ANNMARIE:
WHAT ABOUT THE FACT THAT YOU
SEE APPLE HAVING TO RAISE
PRICES BECAUSE OF HOW DIFFICULT
THIS MARKET IS BECOMING IN
TERMS OF EXPENSE AND THE
ABILITY TO GET A HOLD OF THESE
CHIPS? GIL:
THAT IS ACTUALLY THE BEST NEWS
WE HEARD FROM MEMORY IN A WHILE.
UP UNTIL NOW, APPLE HAS SAID
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
WE GET THE INSIDER PRICE FOR
MEMORY.
IT IS FINE, NOT A PROBLEM.
THAT IS WHAT THEY SAID THE LAST
COUPLE QUARTERS.
THE FACT THAT THEY ARE SAYING,
NO BUT WE HAVE TO RAISE OUR
HANDSET PRICES, THAT IS A
PERMANENT THING.
THAT MEANS THEY UNDERSTAND
MEMORY PRICES HAVE GONE UP AND
ARE NOT COMING BACK DOWN.
THAT IS A VERY POSITIVE
INDICATION ABOUT THE FACT THAT
MEMORY PRICES WHERE THEY ARE
NOW AND AS THEY CONTINUE TO
RISE ARE ACTUALLY LOCKED IN FOR
THE NEXT FEW YEARS.
MEMORY IS NO LONGER SOLD ON AN
INVOICE BY INVOICE BASIS.
IT IS SOLD IN LONG-TERM DEALS
WITH THE BIGGEST COMPANIES,
WITH APPLE, MICROSOFT, AMAZON,
GOOGLE, META, INTEGRA THAT
MEANS THE HIGHER PRICES ARE
BEING LOCKED IN.
THAT IS POSITIVE FOR THE STOCKS.
ANNMARIE:
DO YOU THINK THAT WILL HURT
APPLE SALES IF THEY HAVE TO
RAISE PRICES OF IPHONES? GIL:
ABSOLUTELY.
THERE HAS TO BE SOME DEMAND
DESTRUCTION WHEN PRICES GO UP.
THAT IS A CHALLENGE APPLE WILL
HAVE TO DEAL WITH.
THE GOOD NEWS FOR APPLE IS A
$50 OR 00 INCREASE TO THE
IPHONE IS A MUCH SMALLER
PERCENTAGE THAN A $50 OR 00
PRICE INCREASE ON THE LOWER END
ANDROID PHONE, WHICH IS THERE
ALTERNATIVE.
SO ALL OTHER PHONES, HANDSETS
PRICES WILL GO UP MORE THAN THE
IPHONE PRICES WILL GO.
MEMORY PRICES GOING UP IS GOOD
NEWS FOR APPLE BECAUSE IT WILL
MAKE ALL THE OTHER PRODUCTS
LOOK A LOT MORE EXPENSIVE THAN
APPLE PRODUCTS. JONATHAN:
A FINAL POINT ON IT.
IF WE REACHED THE POINT OF
DEMAND DESTRUCTION, HOW IS THAT
NOT BEARISH? GIL:
BECAUSE THAT IS AT THE LOW-END.
BECAUSE THAT IS AT THE VERY LOW
END. THE DEMAND DESTRUCTION WILL
MOSTLY HAPPEN WITH THE
INEXPENSIVE COMMODITY MEMORY
CHIPS WHERE THE HIGH-END WITH
MEMORY, THE CHIPS AI IS RUNNING
ON, THAT IS WHERE THE DEMAND IS
HEADED.
THAT IS WHERE THE SUPPLY IS
HEADED BECAUSE THESE COMPANIES
CAN GENERATE FAR HIGHER PRICES
AND MARGINS MAKING AND SELLING
THOSE CHIPS.
AGAIN, THAT MARKET LOOKS TO
CONTINUE TO GROW.
AS LONG AS THE CYCLE CONTINUES
TO GROW AS IT IS, WE WILL NEED
A LOT MORE MEMORY
PROPORTIONALLY.
NOT JUST FOR THE RATE OF GROWTH
WE ARE SEEING IN AI AND NVIDIA.
WE WILL NEED TO SEE A LOT MORE
MEMORY GROWTH THAN THAT BECAUSE
MODELS ARE CURRENTLY
CONSTRAINED BY MEMORY.
THEY DON'T HAVE ENOUGH MEMORY
TO PROVIDE US WITH OPTIMAL
RESULTS.
THEY CANNOT GET ENOUGH MEMORY.
THEREFORE, THE HIGH-END MARKET
IS REALLY WHERE THE MARKET IS
THAT. JONATHAN: APPRECIATE IT.
THANK YOU FOR CLARIFYING.
GIL LURIA WITH A CONSTRUCTIVE
VIEW.
IT IS AMAZING TO SIT HERE AND
TALK ABOUT A STOCK THAT IS UP
BY MORE THAN 250% YEAR-TO-DATE
AND WE HAVE ANALYSTS TALKING
ABOUT WHY IT IS STILL TOO CHEAP.
LISA: A STRUCTURAL CHANGE.
SUDDENLY, THE CONSTRUCT OF
MEMORY IS SHIFTING AND IT IS
DIFFICULT FOR PEOPLE TO KEEP UP
AND A LOT OF THE TECH SPACE
THIS YEAR. JONATHAN:
UP NEXT, WE TALK INTEREST RATES
WITH FRANCES AS THE FED AND
TREASURY APPEARED TO ALIGN ON A
2% INFLATION TARGET AND GETTING
INFLATION LOWER OVER THE NEXT
YEAR.
♪
JONATHAN:
EQUITY FUTURES POSITIVE THIS
MORNING BY .4% ON THE S&P 500.
THE NASDAQ HIGHER BY .6%.
THE RUSSELL 0.4%.
THE BOND MARKET,2'S AROUND FOUR
POINT 20.
THE LONG END OF THE CURVE, DOWN
FIVE ON 10'S AND 30'S. LISA:
WE ARE BACK DOWN TO CLOSE TO
THE LOWEST LEVELS GOING BACK
MORE THAN A YEAR.
THE QUESTION IS IF THIS IS A
GOOD SIGN GIVEN THAT PEOPLE
WERE CONCERNED ABOUT THE LONG
END COMING UP MORE OR IF THIS
IS TAKING AWAY LONGER-TERM
GROWTH IN THE U.S.
BY TIGHTENING POLICY AT THE
FRONT END.
WE ARE NOT THERE, NOT FLAT, NOT
THROUGH THAT, NOT INVERTED,
NONETHELESS I'M SURE THE
CONVERSATION WILL COME UP.
JONATHAN:
THIS MOVE IN CRUDE, WTI AND
BRENT DOWN 3%.
BRENT CRUDE A BREAK OF $75.
ANNMARIE:
WHICH MEANS WE ARE RACING THE
GAINS WE SAW SINCE THE START OF
THE CONFLICT.
THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ IS OPEN
AND MORE VESSELS THAT WERE
TRAPPED ARE GETTING THROUGH AND
NOT ONLY THAT IRANIAN CREWS IS
LEGALLY, BASICALLY, ALLOWED TO
HIT THE MARKET NOW . JONATHAN:
THE BARRELS ARE MOVING.
IT IS VERY NOTABLE THAT WE'VE
HAD THIS ROUND TRIP IN CRUDE
AND YOU'VE NOT HAD A ROUND TRIP
IN RATES.
THE TWO-YEARS STILL, WHAT, 80
BASIS POINTS HIGHER THAN IT WAS
SINCE THE START OF THE WAR?
LISA:
WE WILL SEE THAT MORE CLEARLY
TOMORROW WHEN WE GET CORE PCE
BECAUSE THAT IS WHAT HAS BEEN
DRIVEN HIGHER.
KNOB OIL PRICES BUT WHAT WE'VE
SEEN IN SOME OF THE COMPONENTS
WHEN IT COMES TO HYPERSCALERS
AND THE BUILDOUT.
YES, YOU'RE SEEING NOW THE
TIGHTEST 2'S, 10'S YIELD CURVE
GOING BACK MORE THAN YEARS
PEOPLE EXPECT THE FED TO HAVE A
REASON TO HIKE EVEN WITHOUT THE
INFLATIONARY PUSH FROM THE OIL
PRICES. JONATHAN:
AN HOUR FROM THE CASH OPEN.
LET'S GET SOME SINGLE MOVERS.
YAHAIRA:
WE START WITH THE MAIN EVENT,
MICRON.
SHARES ARE REBOUNDING TODAY UP
FOR .2 5% AFTER A 13% SELLOFF
YESTERDAY, MADE IT THE WORST
PERFORMER IN THE S&P.
ALL EYES NOW TURNS WITH
EARNINGS AFTER THE BELL WHERE
REVENUE IS EXPECTED TO NEARLY
QUADRUPLE FROM A YEAR AGO.
EXPECTATIONS ARE SKY HIGH FOR
THIS NAME, WHICH HAS BEEN THE
BIGGEST CONTRIBUTOR TO THE
S&P'S RALLY THIS YEAR.
TURNING TO THE AI CHIPMAKER,
AND THAT IS CEREBRAL, SHARES
ARE FALLING EIGHT POINT 8% IN
THE PREMARKET AFTER IT HAD ITS
FIRST EARNINGS REPORT AS A
PUBLIC COMPANY.
REVENUE TOPPED EXPECTATIONS AND
THE FORECAST CAME IN ABOVE WALL
STREET ESTIMATES BUT NOT ENOUGH
FOR INVESTORS AFTER A
BLOCKBUSTER IPO, THE BIGGEST IN
CHIP HISTORY.
AND WE END ON THE RENTAL CAR
COMPANY HU
ERTZ AFTER IT HAD
SECOND-QUARTER RESULTS BELOW
ESTIMATES.
THEY SEE THAT RENTAL DEMAND IS
HEALTHY, NO SURPRISE WITH THE
WORLD CUP IN FULL SWING, BUT
LOSSES ON THE SALE OF VEHICLES
FROM ITS RENTAL FLEET WILL LEAD
TO LOWER EARNINGS. JONATHAN:
IS IT ALL FREDDIE?
HAVE YOU BEEN TRACKING FREDDIE?
LISA:
YEAH, BUT HE'S NOT BUYING CARS.
THEIR BOOKINGS ARE GOOD BUT
THAT IS THE PROBLEM WITH HERTZ,
TRANSPORTATION, RENTING.
I KNOW, I KNOW. ANNMARIE:
I LOVE PEOPLE WILLING TO GIVE
HIM A LIFT. JONATHAN:
HE WAS GOING TO MISS HIS GAME
AND EVERYONE JUMPS IN. LISA:
HOW MUCH PTO DOES THIS GUY HAVE?
ANNMARIE: HE IS GERMAN.
LISA:
JUNE, JULY, AUGUST. JONATHAN:
FREDDIE IS A GERMAN FOOTBALL
FAN, APPARENTLY, WE HAVEN'T
SEEN HIS FACE, TRAVELING
AMERICA, LOVING EVERYTHING
ABOUT IT, POSTING EXCESSIVELY
ON SOCIAL MEDIA, AND NOW
EVERYONE IS GIFTING AND THINGS
EVERYWHERE HE GOES.
I THOUGHT I LOVE THE EXCITEMENT
ABOUT THINGS LIKE GAS STATIONS
AND HOW BIG THEY ARE,
ESPECIALLY IN THE MIDWEST.
ANNMARIE:
I JUST DISCOVERED BUGGIES IN
TEXAS AND ALSO, I WAS HONESTLY,
VERY EXCITED ABOUT STOPPING AT
A GAS STATIONS. JONATHAN:
I LOVE EUROPEANS FINDING OUT
WHAT THIS COUNTRY IS ALL ABOUT.
LISA: TALKING ABOUT BU CKEES?
ALL THE LITTLE QUIRKS.
>> I AM CONFIDENT THE FED CHAIR
WILL OPTIMIZE THE PATH FOR BOTH
INFLATION AND ECONOMIC GROWTH
AND THE PRESIDENT SAID AT CHAIR
WARSH'S WEARING AND THAT HE
WOULD BE INDEPENDENT, THAT HE
SHOULD DO WHAT HE WANTS.
JONATHAN:
THE NEXT READ ON INFLATION 24
HOURS AWAY WITH PCE
DATA JUST AROUND THE CORNER.
THE NEW WRINKLE IN OUR OUTLOOK
IS WARSH POSITIONING THE FED
ASKING TO RETURN INFLATION BACK
TO 2%.
TOOK THE FED BEGIN HIKING?
THE HEAT ON THEIR INFLATION MAY
BE MORE CONTAINED.
FRANCIS, GOOD MORNING.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
THE DEBATE WE'VE HAD SO FAR
THIS MORNING AND OVER THE PAST
WEEK IS WHETHER THIS IS A
CHANGE IN STYLE OR SUBSTANCE.
A CHANGE IN POLICY, OR HOW WE
COMMUNICATE POLICY?
HOW WOULD YOU DESCRIBE IT?
FRANCIS:
CERTAINLY A CHANGE IN STYLE WE
WILL SEE IF IT IS A CHANGE IN
SUBSTANCE.
THE DATA WILL TELL US WHERE
CENTRAL BANKS ARE GOING TO GO
GIVE OR TAKE A LITTLE BIAS TO
ONE SIDE OR THE OTHER.
RIGHT NOW THE PROBLEM IS
INFLATION WHICH WE FINALLY HAVE
A CHAIR OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE
CALLING IT OUT, 30% OF THE CPI
BASKET IS -- SORRY, 40% OF THE
CPI BASKET IS RUNNING ABOVE 3%,
INCLUDING FOOD, DAYCARE, HEALTH
CARE, EVEN PET SERVICES ARE
RUNNING ABOUT 3%, WAY AWAY FROM
THE FED TARGET.
AND THERE IS MORE INFLATION IN
THE SYSTEM OUTSIDE OF ENERGY.
THIS IS A CENTRAL BANK THAT
WILL HAVE TO CONTEND WITH THAT,
BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY THIS IS AN
AMERICAN PER PEOPLE THAT WILL
HAVE TO CONTEND WITH ONGOING
INFLATIONARY PRESSURES IN CORE
SERVICES ALL THE WAY TO FOOD.
THIS IS A CENTRAL BANK FINALLY
ACKNOWLEDGING THERE IS A
PROBLEM HERE AND SOMETHING
NEEDS TO BE DONE ABOUT IT.
JONATHAN:
HOW RATE SENSITIVE IS THE
DEMAND LEADING TO THIS PRICE
PRESSURE? FRANCES:
THIS IS THE CHALLENGE.
THERE'S A LOT OF BREADTH UNDER
INFLATION.
WHO IS BURYING THE CHALLENGE?
LOW
AND MIDDLE INCOME AMERICANS.
IT IS NOT AN ENERGY ISSUE THAT
HAS BEEN ONE COMPOUNDING FACTOR.
UNDER THE SURFACE THERE ARE
CRACKS FORMING AMONGST LOW AND
MIDDLE INCOME AMERICANS.
THE SAVINGS RATE HAS DROPPED
PRETTY PRECIPITOUSLY SINCE THE
START OF THE ENERGY GRASS.
AN UPTICK IN CREDIT USAGE.
REAL WAGES HAVE GONE MORE
NEGATIVE.
THERE ARE SIGNS, YELLOW FLAGS,
FOR LOW AND MIDDLE INCOME
AMERICANS THAT ARE STRUGGLING.
IF WE RAISE INTEREST RATES IT
IS A CATCH 22.
THIS IS A CENTRAL BANK THAT HAS
NOT REALLY HAD TO DEAL WITH THE
CHALLENGE OF THE K-SHAPED
ECONOMY, WHICH IS BEING DIVIDED
BY DEMOGRAPHICS AND INCOME USES.
THIS I THINK WILL BE WARSH'S
BIGGEST CHALLENGE, NOT
INFLATION.
IF IT WERE STRAIGHTFORWARD
INFLATION AND THE PRE-PANDEMIC
ECONOMY YOU COULD HIKE INTEREST
RATES AND BRING DOWN.
NOW WITH A WEAK BOTTOM 90% OF
AMERICAN CONSUMERS YOU HIKE
INTEREST RATES TOO FAR YOU RISK
A MUCH BETTER SLOW DOWN IN THE
CONSUMER. LISA:
WHAT IS A BIGGER HIT ON THE
INCOME OF LOWER INCOME
CONSUMERS?
INTEREST RATES GOING HIGHER OR
THE WAY INFLATION HAS TICKED UP
IN A NUMBER OF DIFFERENT
COMPONENTS?
FRANCES:
I'M HONESTLY WORRY ABOUT FOOD
PRICE INFLATION.
A LOT OF ARE LEADING INDICATORS
TELL US THERE STILL SOME IMPACT
COMING FROM THE CONFLICT IN THE
MIDDLE EAST THAT WILL BE MORE
LAG.
FOOD INFLATION IS ONE OF THE
PIECES OF INFLATION'S THAT
AMERICANS SEE EVERY SINGLE DAY
AND THEY CANNOT SUBSTITUTE AWAY
FROM IT.
SOMETIMES WE SEE MOVES FROM
BEEF, CHICKEN, TO PEANUT
BUTTER, BUT EVERYBODY HAS TO
EAT.
KEEPING AN EYE ON FOOD PRICE
INFLATION WILL BE CRITICAL.
HERE IS THE BIG CHALLENGE.
PART OF MY JOB IS TO TALK TO
EVERYONE FROM HEDGE FUNDS
LOOKING AT HEADLINE INFLATION
AND HOW RATES ARE PRICING THAT
IN ALL THE WAY OVER TO CEO'S.
MARKETS ARE GOING TO BE VERY
RELIEVED BECAUSE INFLATION HAS
PROBABLY PEAKED AT HEADLINE
TERMS. LIKE Q2 OF 2027 WHEN WE
GET TO THE SUMMER OF 2027, OUR
CALL IS INFLATION WILL BE SUB
2%. IF YOU ARE A CEO RUNNING A
BUSINESS, PARTICULARLY ONE
EXPOSED TO CONSUMERS, CONSUMERS
WILL BE STRUGGLING WITH PRICE
PAIN THAT IS NOT GOING
BACKWARDS.
YOU WILL GET A DICHOTOMY
BETWEEN HEADLINE INFLATION THAT
MAYBE
SOOTHS THE FED AND MARKETS
BUT DOESN'T IMPACT REAL AMERICA.
LISA: MIDDLE AND LOWER INCOME
AVERAGE CONSUMERS, GIVEN THE
FACT THAT SO MUCH OF THE GROWTH
HAS REALLY COME FROM THERE.
IF YOU STRIP THAT OUTCOME OF
THE U.S. WOULD PROBABLY BE IN A
SHRINKING-TYPE OF CONDITION.
FRANCES:
WE WANTED TO BE SHRINKING, BUT
WE CERTAINLY WOULDN'T BE CLOSE
TO 2%, WHICH IS ABOUT WHERE WE
SEE THE TREND ECONOMY GOING NOW.
THE 2% IS COMING, OF COURSE,
FROM THIS MASSIVE
INFRASTRUCTURE BUILDOUT.
IT'S ALSO COMING FROM BIG
GOVERNMENT AND, OF COURSE, THE
HEADLINE CONSUMER, THE TOP 10%.
WHAT WILL CONTINUE TO MATTER
FOR CONSUMERS, AND WHY WE THINK
THE U.S.
ECONOMY CAN PERSIST AT 2%, IS
BECAUSE THE LABOR MARKET IS
VERY, VERY TIGHT.
THAT WILL CONTINUE TO BE THE
MOST IMPORTANT THING.
THE LABOR MARKET WILL STAY
TIGHT AND IT HAS NOTHING TO DO,
OR LITTLE TO DO, WITH WHAT IS
HAPPENING IN AI.
IT HAS TO DO WITH MASS
RETIREMENTS, SHRINKING LABOR
FORCE PARTICIPATION RATE, AND
ASSUME THAT NOW IS NOT GOING TO
BE JUDGED ON WHETHER THEY HAVE
A JOB OR NOT BUT ARE THEY
MAKING ENOUGH MONEY AND ENOUGH
HOURS TO PAY FOR LIFE?
YOU HAVE MANY STRUCTURAL THEMES
HAPPENING UNDER THE SURFACE.
THE CORE MESSAGE I HAVE FOR
CLIENTS IS, DON'T USE THE
PRE-PANDEMIC WAY OF THINKING
ABOUT A CYCLE IS A GOOD ELEMENT
OR WAY TO THINK ABOUT WHERE THE
ECONOMY IS GOING TO GO NEXT.
THE STRUCTURAL TRENDS FROM AI,
TO LABOR FORCE PARTICIPATION
RATE DECLINED INCOME ARE
CHANGING THE WAY WE HAD TO
THINK ABOUT THE AMERICAN
ECONOMY.
IT MEANS MARKETS ARE GOING TO
READ DIFFERENTLY AND OPERATE
DIFFERENTLY. ANNMARIE:
KEVIN WARSH SAID MONETARY
POLICY IS SOMEWHAT RESTRICTIVE
IN SOME SECTORS THAN RAISING
INTEREST RATES WON'T HURT THE
AI BUILT UP BUT MAY
CONTINUOUSLY RESTRICT OF
CERTAIN SECTORS LIKE HOUSING.
FRANCES: THAT'S EXACTLY RIGHT.
MONETARY POLICY IS A POOR TOOL
FOR AN ECONOMY THAT IS
FRAGMENTED BY SECTOR, BY INCOME
GROUP. WE HAVE SEEN THIS.
WE HAVE SEEN CENTRAL BANKS
ACROSS THE ENTIRE WORLD WHO ARE
STRUGGLING WITH, WHAT DO YOU DO
WHEN YOUR REGIONS LOOK VERY
DIFFERENT, WHEN YOUR INCOMES
LOOK VERY DIFFERENT?
FOR NOW, THE MANDATE OF THE
CENTRAL BANK'S PRICE STABILITY
AND LABOR, BUT FED CHAIR WARSH
HAS PUT THAT TO THE SIDE FOR
LITTLE BIT.
INFLATION IS WHAT YOU HAVE TO
TARGET.
THE BIGGEST RISK MOVING FORWARD
TO ME IS NOT A HUGE MOVE IN THE
BOND MARKET OR A COLLAPSE OF
THE U.S. ECONOMY.
IT IS WHAT HAPPENS TO MIDDLE
AND LOW INCOME AMERICANS IN A
HIKING ENVIRONMENT.
IN OUR VIEW, IT IS PROBABLY
GOING TO TAKE A LOWERCASE K
ECONOMY AND MOVE IT TO AN
UPPERCASE K ECONOMY. JONATHAN:
FRANCES DONALD OF RBC FRAMING
THE SITUATION FOR THE FEDERAL
RESERVE, VERY FOCUSED ON ABOVE
TARGET INFLATION.
WE ARE HAVING THIS CONVERSATION
ABOUT HIGHER INTEREST RATES
AGAINST THE BACKDROP OF HIGHER
TARGETS ON THE S&P 500.
THIS TIME YESTERDAY WE WERE
TALKING ABOUT BARCLAYS GOING
FROM 76.50 TO 7800 ON THE S&P
YEAR-ROUND. J.P.
MORGAN EARLIER THIS MORNING
GOING TO 7800 FROM 7600. LISA:
THAT IS A 6% UPSIDE.
IT IS NOT A RUNAWAY GANG
BUSTERS-TYPE OF FORECAST,
NONETHELESS THIS IS THE YEAR TO
DATE CONSENSUS ON EARNINGS
GROWTH HAS INCREASED.
THEY GO BACK TO EARNINGS,
EARNINGS, EARNINGS WHICH IS
WHAT WE HEAR AGAIN, AND AGAIN,
AND AGAIN.
THEY SAY THIS IS NONLINEAR.
I LOOK AT SK HYNIX AND I SAY,
THAT'S NONLINEAR.
THAT'S ALL OVER THE PLACE.
THIS ISN'T A RUNAWAY BULLISH
CALL.
THINGS COULD GET CHOPPY, BUT IF
YOU LOOK IN EARNINGS, EARNINGS,
EARNINGS, IT SEEMS TO BE
DELIVERING. JONATHAN:
BELOW CURRENT CONSENSUS THEY
SAY REFLECTING THE RISK OF
DIMINISHING AI RELATED PRICING
POWER, THAT IS THE STORY
POTENTIALLY FOR NEXT YEAR. LISA:
PEOPLE ARE SAYING THAT IS NOT
THIS YEAR.
THIS IS WHAT PEOPLE ARE SEEING
IN TERMS OF THE FEAR.
THAT IS UNDERPINNING SOME OF
THE VOLATILITY PARTICULARLY
WITH SEMICONDUCTORS.
ARE THEY STARTING TO SEE THE
HYPERSCALERS PUSH BACK ON PRICE?
ARE SOME OF THE CONSUMERS
BORROWING BANDWIDTH AND A LARGE
LANGUAGE MODELS FROM THE
HYPERSCALERS, ARE THEY PUSHING
BACK ON SOME OF THEIR TOKEN
USAGE?
AND THIS IS THE STORY THAT IS
GETTING A LITTLE BIT OF ANXIETY.
NOT FOR THIS YEAR BUT MAYBE
2027. JONATHAN:
LET'S GET YOU AN UPDATE ON
STORIES WORLDWIDE WITH YOUR
BLOOMBERG BRIEF.
VONNIE QUINN HAS MORE. VONNIE:
A BIG WIN FOR NEW YORK CITY
MAYOR ZOHRAN MAMDANI.
THREE OF THE DEMOCRATIC
SOCIALIST OF THE MAYOR'S
FAVORED CANDIDATE SWEPT THE
VICTORY INCLUDING BRAD LANDER,
UNSEATING DAN GOLDMAN IN THE
10TH DISTRICT WITH ALMOST 66%
OF THE VOTE.
SPACEX CLOSING AT $25 BILLION
BOND SALE AFTER RAKING IN $90
BILLION IN INVESTOR ORDERS.
THE COMPANY'S BONDS MATURING IN
2036 PRICING AT A PREMIUM OF
1.4 PERCENTAGE POINTS ABOVE
TREASURIES.
ROUGHLY .4 PERCENTAGE POINTS
WIDER THAN THE AVERAGE SPREAD.
IN SPORTS, CHRISTIANA RENATO
BECOMING THE FIRST PLAYER TO
SCORE GOALS IN SIX DIFFERENT
WORLD CUP TOURNAMENTS.
RINALDO SCORED WITH TWO GOALS
IN PORTUGAL'S FIVE-ZERO WIN
OVER UZBEKISTAN GIVING HIM 10
CAREER GOALS IN THE WORLD CUP.
JONATHAN:
TONS OF GAMES LATER TODAY.
SCOTLAND-BRAZIL IT 10:00 P.M.
EASTERN. LISA:
WHO ARE YOU ROOTING FOR?
ANNMARIE: WE KNOW. JONATHAN:
THEN WHY ARE YOU ASKING? LISA:
I THINK IT IS EXCITING.
JONATHAN:
IT IS A DELICATE STORY. LISA:
WHO IS GOING TO WIN? JONATHAN:
BRAZIL. ANNMARIE:
HE WILL GET IN TROUBLE.
JONATHAN:
WHAT DO YOU THINK HAPPENS IF
YOU MARRY A BRAZILIAN, BRAMO?
LISA: ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?
JONATHAN:
HAPPY WIFE, HAPPY LIFE,
PEACEFUL HOME. COME ON.
LISA:
EVERYONE HAS BRAZIL JERSEYS.
IN BRAZIL IT IS LIKE A UNIFORM.
JONATHAN:
SETTING UP FOR THE DAY AHEAD.
WELLS FARGO EXPECTING A
SLOWDOWN IN ECONOMIC GROWTH.
♪
>> THE RATE OF CHANGE WILL BE
CHALLENGING FOR THE MARKET TO
SORT OF PARSE THROUGH AND
CONTEMPLATE ON EARNINGS FOR Q2.
YOU KNOW, CAN THEY REALLY KEEP
PACE WITH THIS SORT OF 20 PLUS
PERCENT EARNINGS GROWTH RATE OR
NOT? THEN YOU HAVE OVERBOUGHT
CONDITIONS.
YOU HAVE A LOT OF MOMENTUM OUT
THERE. JONATHAN:
JOINING US ON THE PROGRAM A
LITTLE BIT EARLIER.
THE EQUITY MARKET AT THE MOMENT
POSITIVE ABOUT .25% ON THE S&P.
THE OPENING BELL 42 MINUTES
AWAY. THE TRADING DIARIES, A FEW
NOTABLE THINGS TO LOOK OUT FOR.
3:30 EASTERN YOU WILL HEAR FROM
THE PRESIDENT MEETING WITH THE
NATO SECRETARY-GENERAL, MARK
RUTTE. EARNINGS FROM MICRON.
WE WILL HEAR FROM THE PRESIDENT
AGAIN LATER THIS EVENING AT
8:30.
TOMORROW MORNING, VERY HEAVY
PROGRAM ON INFLATION.
PCE DATA JUST AROUND THE CORNER.
INFLATION IS TOO HIGH.
IT IS WHY CONSUMER SENTIMENT IS
SO LOW.
YOU WILL GET U-MICH SENTIMENT
ON FRIDAY.
DARRELL CRONK EXPLAINING FOR
THE S&P TO REACH 7900 BY YEAR
END SOMEWHAT SLOWER ECONOMIC
GROWTH GLOBALLY, AND A STEEPER
YIELD CURVE THROUGH 2027.
GOOD MORNING, GOOD TO SEE YOU.
WHERE IS THE
STEEPER YIELD CURVE COMING
FROM? DARRELL:
PROBABLY FROM THE SHORT SIDE
COMING DOWN.
WE DON'T THINK THE FED AND
CHAIR WARSH ARE GOING TO BE
ABLE TO RAISE INTEREST RATES
LIKE THE BOND MARKET HAS PRICED
IN. WE TOOK OUT OBVIOUSLY FROM
EARLIER THIS YEAR THE 25 BASIS
POINT CUT THAT WAS PRICED IN
LATER THIS YEAR.
WE PUT IN 40 BASIS POINTS OF
HIKES.
WE TOOK THE 2-10 YEAR SPREAD
DOWN TO 28 THIS MORNING.
IT IS TOO FLAT.
TOO MUCH OF A FLAT IN HER.
WE THINK THE YIELD CURVE
STEEPEN'S BACK OUT.
WE THINK LONG RATES ARE TOO LOW.
IF YOU TAKE INFLATION PREMIUM
AND GROWTH PREMIUM AND STACK
THEM, I GET TO A FIVE-NUMBER
PRETTY EASILY ON THE LONG SIDE
OF THE CURVE. JONATHAN:
INDIVIDUAL PARTS OF THE CURVE.
I DON'T THINK THEY ARE GOING TO
BE ABLE TO?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY BEING ABLE
TO?
DARRELL:
$70 OIL THIS MORNING, RIGHT.
INFLATION IS GOING TO COME DOWN.
I DON'T THINK THEY ARE GOING TO
GET TO THE TWO, TWO AND A HALF
PERCENT NUMBER THEY WANT TO.
YIELDS HAVE STAYED RIGHT WHERE
THEY ARE.
THEY HAVEN'T FUDGED A BIT.
RIGHT?
LET'S CALL THE 10-YEAR, 4.5.
ALL ELSE EQUAL THOSE THINGS
SHOULD HAVE BEEN COMING DOWN AS
YOU RE-PRICE INFLATION
EXPECTATIONS DOWN AND THEY ARE
SIMPLY NOT.
WHICH IS WHY THE LONG AND WE
THINK IS GOING TO STAY HIGHER.
BUT EVENTUALLY, LOOK, CAN THE
FED INCREASE RATES ONE TIME
LATER THIS YEAR OR MAYBE TWO?
ONE TIME IS JUST SYMBOLIC.
IT DOESN'T DO ANYTHING REALLY
FOR MONETARY POLICY. JONATHAN:
DO YOU THINK THE COMMUNICATION
OVER THE LAST WEEK IS JUST
SYMBOLIC? DARRELL: YES.
PART OF CHAIR WARSH
ESTABLISHING HIS INDEPENDENCE.
NEW SHERIFF IN TOWN. RIGHT?
ONE OF THAT MESSAGE TO COME
THROUGH. OBVIOUSLY IT HAS BEEN
WELL-DISCUSSED.
ALL ABOUT PRICE STABILITY.
DIDN'T HARDLY UTTER A WORD
ABOUT THE LABOR MARKET OR
ANYTHING ASSOCIATED WITH IT.
I THINK THE INTERESTING THING
INTO THE SECOND HALF OF THIS
YEAR IS THE JUXTAPOSITION
BETWEEN ECONOMIC GROWTH, WHICH
HAS BEEN REALLY PRETTY SOFT,
RIGHT.
REMEMBER, FOURTH QUARTER WAS
.5% FOR THE U.S., 1.6 PERCENT
IN Q1.
THEN YOU HAVE THE EARNINGS
GROWTH THAT IS 20%, 25 PERCENT
PARABOLIC. RIGHT.
USUALLY DON'T HAVE THAT
ENVIRONMENT.
IT IS A UNIQUE ENVIRONMENT.
LISA: HOW PREDICATED IS THE 7900
TARGET ON THE S&P ON THE IDEA
THAT THE FED WILL NOT BE ABLE
TO HIKE RATES? DARRELL:
IT IS PRICED IN THERE.
WE HAVE ZERO HIKES FOR THIS
YEAR.
WE HAVE FED ON STAYING EXACTLY
WHERE IT IS.
PART OF THAT, PART OF GETTING
TO 7900 IN FAIRNESS IS THAT
ZERO HIKE.
IF THEY HIKE THE 40 BASIS
POINTS THAT IS PRICED INTO THE
FED FUNDS FUTURES CURVE THIS
MORNING THAT NUMBER HAS TO BE
LOWER. LISA:
YOU THINK RIGHT NOW THE EQUITY
MARKET IS A WE DON'T BELIEVE
THE FED WILL HIKE RATES AND THE
BOND MARKET IS SAYING NO, THEY
WILL HIKE TWICE? DARRELL:
YES, BUT THAT IS ALWAYS THE
CASE, RIGHT? LISA:
BECAUSE THAT IS THE SMART MONEY.
DARRELL:
EVERYONE IS SO WOUND UP ABOUT
THE TAX SELLOFF.
IT IS NOT A SELLOFF.
IF IT WERE A TRUE SELLOFF
BANKS WOULD NOT BE BREAKING
OUT, RATES WOULD NOT BE
BREAKING OUT, SMALL CAPS WOULD
NOT BE DOING WELL, CREDIT
SPREADS -- IT IS A ROTATION
WITHIN EQUITIES.
YOU SHOULDN'T PLAY IT FOR MORE
THAN THAT. ANNMARIE:
IS IT A BY THE DEBT MOMENT FOR
THESE NAMES? DARRELL:
YES, -- IS IT A BUY THE DIP
MOMENT FOR THESE NAMES? DARRELL:
YES, BUT IN Q2 EARNINGS SEASON
THE BAR IS INCREDIBLY HIGH
PARTICULARLY IN THE TAX SECTOR.
I THINK THERE IS SOME
DISAPPOINTMENT IN PRICE.
YOU GET INTO A SEASONAL PERIOD
OF TIME.
I THINK YOU WILL GET A CHEAPER
MOMENT BUT THE NEXT MARGINAL
DOLLAR TO WORK IN THE TECH
SECTOR THAN TODAY AS WE ARE
SITTING HERE, BUT WE STILL LIKE
THAT SECTOR OVERALL.
WHAT WE DON'T LIKE A SMALL CAP.
WHAT IS INTERESTING IS, FRIDAY
WE WILL REBALANCE THE RUSSELL
INDICES.
THE TOP 10 NAMES IN THE RUSSELL
2000 SMALL CAPS ALL DON'T
JUSTIFY BEING THERE ANYMORE.
THEY ARE ALL ABOVE THE HIGH
WATER MARK FOR WHAT THEY SHOULD
BE. THEY SHOULD ALL GRADUATE TO
MID-CAP OR LARGE-CAP.
THAT IS 47% OF YOUR SMALL-CAP
RETURN.
IF YOU LET THAT GO, AND THEY
WON'T ALL AT ONCE, BUT YOU ARE
JUST CONTINUE TO DILUTE THE
INTEGRITY AND QUALITY OF THAT
INDEX. JONATHAN:
LET'S FINISH WITH WHAT YOU DO
LIKE, FINANCIALS.
AT TIMES THIS YEAR IT HASN'T
REALLY WORKED.
WHAT YOU THINK IT WILL START
WORKING? DARRELL:
ALL THE FUNDAMENTALS ARE THERE.
PART OF IT IS PREDICATED
EXACTLY ON WHAT WE WERE JUST
TALKING ABOUT, THE STEEPENING
OF THE YIELD CURVE BECAUSE
FINANCIALS DO VERY WELL ON THE
STEEP YIELD CURVE.
WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE BIG BANKS,
THAT BENEFIT FROM SALES AND
TRADING AND INVESTMENT BANKING
ACTIVITY, THAT IS HITTING ON
ALL CYLINDERS.
WE KNOW IT M&A IS DOING.
JONATHAN:
GOLDMAN IS DOING GREAT. DARRELL:
THAT'S DOING GREAT.
WHAT IS NOT DOING GREAT, IT IS
IRONIC. YOU START UNPACKING THE
FINANCIAL SECTOR AT THE LOWER
LEVELS.
THE PAYMENT PROCESSORS LIKE
VISA, MASTERCARD.
WHAT IS NOT DOING GREAT IS
BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY.
WHAT IS OBVIOUSLY NOT DOING
GREAT IS ALTERNATIVE ASSET
MANAGERS.
IT'S A VERY BIFURCATED WORLD.
IF I LOOK AT THE LARGE AND
REGIONAL BANKS
RIGHT NOW, THEY ARE ACTUALLY
SITTING CLOSE TO HIGHS.
AND BREAKING UP FROM HERE.
RIGHT.
IN FAIRNESS IT IS STILL ONE OF
THE FEW GIGS SECTORS AS WE CAME
INTO THIS MORNING, THERE ARE
FOUR GIG SECTORS THAT ARE
NEGATIVE YEAR TO DATE SO FAR.
MOST PEOPLE WOULDN'T REALIZE
THAT THE MARKET HAS BEEN AS
STRONG AS IT HAS BEEN. JONATHAN:
TRUE. THOUGHTFUL STUFF.
DARRELL CRONK OF WELLS FARGO.
YOU ARE SEEING BIG GAINS FROM
MORGAN STANLEY, GOLDMAN UNTIL
RECENTLY.
YOU HAD SEVERAL BIG NAMES IN
THE SECTOR TURNING NEGATIVE ON
THE YEAR.
ONLY RECENTLY BANK OF AMERICA.
J.P.
MORGAN UP NOW 4.5% FOR 2026.
THINGS ARE MOVING BUT A BIG
DIVIDE WITHIN THAT INDEX. LISA:
THEY HAVE BEEN PUNISHED FOR
SPENDING MORE ON CAPEX AND
TECHNOLOGY EVEN AS THEY SEE
POTENTIALLY INVESTORS TALK
ABOUT THIS AS BEING SOMETHING
THAT IS HELPFUL IN THE LONG
TERM.
AT WHAT POINT ARE THEY STARTING
TO BE REWARDED?
ULTIMATELY, HOW MUCH IS THAT
PREDICATED ON THE STEEPENING
YIELD CURVE? JONATHAN:
ON MACRON, I CAN OFFER YOU
BOSNIA VERSUS QATAR AT 3:00 P.M.
ANNMARIE:
YOU KNOW WHERE I WILL BE
FOCUSED. JONATHAN:
SWITZERLAND VERSUS CANADA? LISA:
YOU'RE TRYING TO TAKE HEAT AWAY
FROM MICRON?
THIS WILL BE FRONT ROW, BOX
OFFICE STUFF. ANNMARIE:
YOU ARE MAKING IT THE NEW
NVIDIA. LISA: IT IS.
I AM ABSOLUTELY DOING A WATCH
PARTY. IT WILL BE FANTASTIC.
WE WILL HAVE LITTLE CHIP HATS.
JONATHAN:
WE WILL WATCH THE WORLD CUP AND
THEN READ THROUGH THE MICRON
EARNINGS LATER.
THEY HAVE HYDRATION BREAKS.
I WILL READ THE MICRON EARNINGS
THEN. LIZ AND SUMMERS OF CHARLES
SCHWAB, STEPHANIE ROTH OF WOLF
RESEARCH.
FROM NEW YORK CITY THIS
MORNING, GOOD MORNING.
THANK YOU. THIS WAS BLOOMBERG
"SURVEILLANCE." ♪